
  
   
    
    TT: I'm working on the bathroom.

TT: But we are running low on Build Grist.

EB: oh man who cares about the bathroom, now there's a meteor heading for my house!!!

TT: I see.

TT: Do you suppose it has anything to do with the game?

EB: i don't know, maybe! what do i do!

TT: I think it's very likely.

TT: The walkthroughs vaguely suggest an impending threat before they end.

TT: The already poorly constructed sentences become even more curt and ambiguous.

TT: As if written hastily and with a sense of alarm.

TT: Actually, their dedication to updating the walkthrough under such circumstances is admirable.

EB: wow, FASCINATING.

EB: ??????

TT: If the meteor is a game construct, I think the only thing to do is to proceed, and try to solve the dilemma on the game's terms.

TT: Try using the lathe.

TT: It says you can use the card on it, but isn't more specific than that.

EB: ok i'll do that.

TT: Really, it is a labor to read this drivel.

TT: If I read any more my brain will need to be spoon-fed from a jar.

TT: While it blows spit bubbles in a highchair.

TT: I think I will write my own walkthrough.

TT: That is, after we make sure you don't die.



-- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering ectoBiologist [EB] at 17:34 --



TG: i heard you got the box

TG: i hope you appreciate my heroic fatherly perseverance in getting it to you

TG: in my rough and tumble dirty wifebeaterly sort of way

TG: also i hope you appreciate how many no-talent douches had their mitts on that bunny before you

TG: its like a grubby baton in some huge douchebag marathon

TG: hey where are you

EB: oh man, the bunny was awesome, but i don't have time to talk, i'm playing sburb and it's kind of a nightmare.

EB: TT is breaking everything in my house.

TG: dude i told you to steer clear of that game

TG: and for that matter you should probably wash your hands of flighty broads and their snarky horseshit altogether

EB: and now there's a meteor coming, and i'm not even joking about that!!!

EB: it's like a big asteroid or comet or something.

EB: in the sky.

EB: heading right for my house!!!!!!!!

TG: oh man

TG: how big is it

EB: i dunno.

EB: big, i guess.

EB: i gotta go!

EB: we'll talk later if i am still alive and the earth isn't blown up.

TG: like the size of texas

TG: or just rhode island

TG: theyre always throwing around these geographical comparisons to give us a sense of scale like it really means anything to us

TG: but its like it doesnt matter its always just like: WOW THATS PRETTY FUCKING BIG

TG: like mr president theres a meteor coming sir. oh yeah, how big is it? its the size of texas sir

TG: OH SHIT

TG: or, how big is it? its the size of new york city sir

TG: OH SHIT

TG: sir im afraid the comet is the size of your moms dick

TG: OH SNAP

TG: sir are you familiar with jupiter

TG: you mean like the planet?

TG: yeah

TG: well its that big sir

TG: hmm that sounds pretty big

TG: i have a question

TG: is it jupiter?

TG: yes sir, earth is literally under seige by planet fucking jupiter

TG: OH SHIT

TG: anyway later
    
  
  
