
  
   
    
    GG: im back!

EB: oh hi!

GG: i went to investigate the explosion i heard

EB: was it by any chance a meteor?

GG: yes!!!!!

GG: how did you know??

EB: oh man, it's kind of a long story!

EB: anyway, are you ok? did it blow up your yard or start a fire or anything?

GG: no i am fine!

GG: it landed a pretty good ways from my house and i went to look at it

GG: and its pretty big!

GG: but bec doesnt want me to go near it

GG: so i came home

GG: he seems to think its dangerous!

EB: well gosh, he's probably right!

GG: anyway what have you been up to john?

GG: oh!!!! did you get my package yet? :O

EB: er...

EB: yeah, i was trying to get it, but rose dropped my car into a weird spooky bottomless pit and the package was in the car and im really sorry about that.

GG: oh no!

EB: wow, ok, i guess i should start at the beginning.

EB: see, a meteor blew up my neighborhood.

GG: thats terrible john! im so sorry!

EB: but i'm ok! and my house is too, sort of.

EB: that game i was telling you about, sburb which i was playing with rose, sort of transported me somewhere at the last minute.

EB: but now i'm trapped here and it's weird and dark and i can't find my dad and i just lost the car and my copy of the game in the pit and i think i have to save the world from the apocalypse!!!

GG: O_O

GG: well.....

GG: it sounds really crazy and kind of scary but.....

GG: it also sounds kind of exciting!

GG: i dont know john maybe this is your destiny

GG: if anyone can save the world i think it is probably you!

EB: wow, you think so?

GG: yes!

EB: well ok, BUT.

EB: it's not even that simple!

EB: i was about to connect to rose to help transport her and save her from meteors and fire and stuff.

EB: but she lost battery power and i lost the game disc!

EB: so i think i have to get TG to use his copy to save her!

EB: but that jackass won't shut up and stop rapping and stuff.

GG: hahaha

GG: he is so silly!

EB: yeah. anyway i should talk to him about it, so brb.
    
  
  
