
  
   
    
    TT: In some cultures the persistent refusal of a lady's invitation to play a game with her would be a sign wanton disrespect.

TT: Either that, or flagrant homosexuality.

TG: what oh no

TG: no look

TG: im busy ok

TG: ive got a lot of shit on my plate

TG: i am sort of a big deal ok?

TT: I know.

TT: Sometimes I wonder how you are ever allowed to pay for meals in restaurants.

TT: It must be hard to keep a low profile when you're always overhearing awed voices whisper, "It's that guy who has a blog."

TG: seriously

TG: dudes be worshipping me left and right

TG: i cant hardly walk down the street without stepping over torsos of the prostrate

TT: Navigating the urban landscape I'm sure is difficult enough without an obstacle course of deferential flesh and skyward asses.

TT: Perhaps adapting the art of parkour to your unique environment would help?

TG: yeah!

TG: i mean damn

TG: like theres this scruffy little shit at my feet

TG: an orphan or something i dont know

TG: face flush on the pavement

TG: im like dude you listening for a stampede of buffalo or something?

TG: he braves a look at me then gives my shoe a little kiss and scurries the fuck off

TT: Heavy is the crown.

TG: yeah

TG: not kicking oliver twist in the fucking face every day is my gift to the world i guess

TT: Breathtaking magnanimity!

TG: among other things

TG: i just give and fucking give

TT: Indeed, nary a jewel tumbles from your wishbox of daily exploits which I imagine does not sparkle.

TG: oh for fucks sake

TG: youre just lobbying for me to play that dumb game

TT: Baseless accusation!

TG: look i am telling you

TG: egbert is ALL ABOUT that game

TG: he will play it with you and probably be tickled retarded about it

TT: I know this very well.

TT: I cannot hasten his mail's delivery, however.

TG: yeah yeah

TG: ill hassle him some more about it

TG: and look how about this

TG: if you ever find yourself in the position where your life depends on me playing that piece of shit game, then ill play

TG: will that make you happy

TT: More than you know.

TT: It perfectly mollifies my grief over the demise of chivalry.
    
  
  
