
  
   
    
    TG: alright

TG: im out of my room now looking for my bros game

EB: oh, good!

EB: yeah, there is no sign of rose yet, i hope she is ok

TG: well if she comes back ill be ready

TG: you better know what youre talking about cause this could get ugly

TG: brought my phone and i also took my awesome katana with me in case things get too hot to handle

TG: and they always do

EB: you mean that cheap piece of shit you have on your wall?

TG: FU

TG: its sharp and its awesome and its a sword

TG: end of story

EB: ok i don't really care.

EB: i'm in my room again, i really think there's someone else in this house.

EB: like monsters or something.

TG: howie???

EB: haha I WISH.

TG: dude monsters arent real

TG: thats stupid kids stuff for stupid babies

EB: maybe. yeah you're right.

TG: what are you an idiot

TG: of course there are monsters in your house

TG: youre in some weird evil monster dimension come on

TG: skepticism is the crutch of cinematic troglodytes

TG: like hey mom dad theres a dinosaur or a ghost or whatever in my room. "yeah right junior go back to bed"

TG: fuck you mom and dad how many times are we going to watch this trope unfold it wasnt goddamn funny the first time i saw it

TG: just once id like to see dad crap his pants when a kid says theres a vampire in his closet

TG: "OH SHIT EVERYONE IN THE MINIVAN"

TG: be fuckin dad of the year right there

EB: ok ok stop!

EB: what do i do?

TG: what do you have a hammer

TG: man so lame

TG: ok whatever

TG: you should look into weaponizing your sylladex

TG: my bro is always getting on my case about it but man its not as easy as it sounds

TG: but if youre fighting monsters left and right you dont have much choice

EB: hmm...

EB: ok, i guess i can read up on data structures some more.

EB: how's it going there?

TG: im out in the living room hes usually here

TG: but i dont see him

TG: might be playing his mind games hes always pulling this ninja shit

TG: all i see is lil cal over there so i guess he cant be far

EB: hahaha.

EB: oh god.

EB: SO LAME.

TG: what

EB: see...

EB: i just don't know why you think it's cool.

EB: his ventriloquist rapping thing.

TG: oh lil cal? no man

TG: lil cal is the shit

EB: that's fine, you are entitled to your opinion, i am just saying that being a white guy who is a rapper with a ventriloquist doll is not cool by any stretch of the imagination or by any definition of word cool, ironic or otherwise. that's all i'm saying.

TG: yeah bullshit

TG: cal is dope

TG: puppets are awesome

TG: john egbert blows

TG: the end

EB: yeah, more like the opposite of all those things is the thing that is true!

EB: i'm going to read.

EB: good luck with your bro.
    
  
  
