
  
   
    
    GG: hi happy birthday rose!!! <3

TT: Hello, and thanks.

GG: did you get johns present yet?

TT: I just opened it this very moment. What a stunning coincidence you would ask about it now. I am stunned.

GG: yeah i know!!

GG: what will you make with it?

TT: And who said it was something from which something else could be made?

GG: well john did tell me what it was duh.....

TT: I suppose I'll take a stab at learning the craft.

TT: It's the least I can do in response to the subtle dig concealed in his gesture.

TT: He often tells me I "need a new hobby" when I make perfectly reasonable analytical remarks.

GG: oh but rose i dont think he meant anything like that by it!!

GG: you see not everybody always means the opposite of what they say the way you and dave always do

TT: Maybe.

TT: His birthday is in a few months, isn't it?

GG: yep!

GG: i finally finished a present for him

GG: ive been working on it for years!!!!

TT: Years?

TT: It's so hard to tell when you're joking.

TT: Or if you're even capable of it.

GG: heheheh.... :)

GG: i just mailed it too so it is sure to get there on time

GG: mail takes a while to get anywhere from here!!!

TT: I'll probably craft something with strong sentimental value.

TT: That should burn him.

GG: i dont think you really mean that!

TT: I guess not.

TT: So, shall I expect a green package dropped to my house via airmail from whatever screwball cranny of the globe you're tucked into?

GG: err.......

GG: no :(

GG: sorry but you are sort of hard shop for <_<

GG: besides i have something for you today that i think you will like better than some thing in a box!

TT: Oh?

GG: it is a tip!!!!

TT: This is already intriguing enough to compensate for the grave scarcity of lavish gifts parachuting from the sky. Please go on.

GG: did you have a pet a long time ago that died?

TT: Yes.

GG: ok well how did you feel about your cat, did you love him a lot?

TT: "ok well", I didn't mention it was a cat, or that it was a male. Let's pretend I'm surprised and you're embarrassed and move on.

TT: To answer your question, I would describe my feelings toward the animal as lukewarm.

GG: ummmmm ok....

GG: thats fine!!!

GG: it doesnt really matter i think, just.....

GG: what if someone told you you could play a game that would bring him back to life?

TT: If someone told me that, I would regard the remark with a great deal of skepticism.

TT: If that someone was you, on the other hand, then I would have to ask preemptively:

TT: Is that someone you?

GG: yes that someone is me!!!!!!!!

GG: i just thought you might find it interesting

TT: So what is this game?

GG: oh i dont know

GG: im just saying is all

GG: i think youll hear about it later and maybe you can talk to john and dave about it

GG: they are way more into all that stuff than i am!!!!

TT: I'll see what the word on the street is about it. In due time.

TT: For now I should probably order a copy of Knitting for Assholes. It would be a shame if I ran late with John's present.
    
  
  
