
  
   
    
    TT: I require a font of frighteningly accurate yet infuriatingly nonspecific information.

TT: Do you know where I can find a wellspring of this sort?

GG: hahaha yes ok but we cant talk for long!!!

TT: You have plans? 

GG: well yes i do but its just that you will lose your internet connection soon!!!!!

GG: and we wont talk again for a pretty long time

GG: not until you enter!

TT: Enter?

GG: yeah!

TT: This is what I was talking about.

TT: This was the itch that needed scratching. 

TT: My avarice for the inscrutable. It is limitless.

GG: lol what did you want to know?

TT: You've been insisting today was the big day.

TT: We would all play a game you didn't know the name of.

TT: A game you said I'd get in the mail, and did.

TT: One that would help me answer some questions.

TT: But Strider is being obtuse, I can't catch John at his computer, you don't even have the game yourself, and on top of all that, my internet is unstable.

TT: So are you sure today is the day?

GG: there sure are a lot of challenges but yes i am sure!!

GG: dave is cool, you know he will come around when the time is right

GG: he just has a lot of work to do first

GG: and so do you! 

GG: youll need to keep searching for a stable signal and power source, it will be hard but dont give up!!!

GG: and dont worry about me either, focus on playing with john first

GG: it all starts with you two!

TT: Is there nothing else you can say to prepare me for this?

TT: I'm sure you think little of blithely upsetting dark forces with Grandpa Moreau over there on Hellmurder Island, but honestly I've only read a few books on it.

GG: haha dark? thats ridiculous!

GG: i dont really know what to tell you other than its not going to be what you think it is

GG: and most importantly you will have your questions answered, but they will be the ones you havent thought to ask yet!

GG: just be patient and be brave youll see

GG: it will be fun!!!!!!

GG: uh oh looks like youve got to go

GG: take care rose! <3<3<3



-- tentacleTherapist [TT] ceased pestering gardenGnostic [GG] at 12:54 --
    
  
  
