
  
   
    
    -- ectoBiologist [EB] began pestering tentacleTherapist [TT] --



EB: rose?

EB: are you there?

EB: i went through the gate, nanna said you might be here too.

EB: are you in kind of this spooky glowy place with oily rivers and stuff?

EB: let me know ok.



-- gardenGnostic [GG] began pestering ectoBiologist [EB] --



GG: john hi!!!!!

EB: hi jade!

EB: guess where i am.

GG: are you on the ground below the clouds yet?

EB: yeah!

EB: wait how did you know that's where the gate goes...

EB: did you talk to rose? can she still see me while im down here?

EB: she won't answer.

GG: no i havent talked to her yet but id like to soon

GG: ive got a lot of catching up to do with all of you!

GG: sorry ive been so scarce ive just been so busy running around like crazy and looking after my dog and stuff all day!!!!

GG: i think he just locked me in my room actually :\

EB: oh man.

EB: he sounds like such a handful.

GG: yeah

EB: but it's ok, i think he is mostly just looking after you.

EB: like a guardian angel or something.

EB: if i were you i would take him out behind the woodshed and give him a big hug.

GG: :D

GG: hey john can you hold on i have to talk to dave and start playing this game with him

EB: oh? what game?

GG: sburb!!!! duh what else!

EB: what, i thought you didn't even know what sburb was!

GG: oh jeez i was asleep when i said that silly!

GG: of course i know what it is

EB: oh ok.

EB: where did you even get it?

GG: from the ruins

GG: its daves copy

EB: wow.

EB: the thing you just said doesn't even make the slightest bit of sense.

GG: i know right! hehehe

GG: oh!!!!

GG: that reminds me since im setting the game up with dave to be his server you are going to need to do the same thing for me

EB: oh really?

EB: this is news to me.

GG: can you see from where youre standing the place your dads car would have fallen?

EB: oh yeah, i think so. it'll be kind of a long walk though, this place is huge.

GG: you should go there and get your copy of the server and set up with me.....

GG: oh and also get your package!!!!!! :)

EB: okay.

EB: wait, how did you know my dad's car fell down here?

GG: johhhhn will you stop trying to trap me!!!

GG: you TOLD me the car fell remember?

GG: jeeeez

EB: jeeeeeeeeeeez!

GG: JEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEZ!!!!! 

EB: ok fine well color me suspicious anyway.

EB: miss knowitall mcpsychicpants.

GG: john im not any more psychic than you though

EB: ok sure i am convinced.

EB: you have convinced me. 

EB: (PSYCHIC PSYCHIC PSYCHIC)

EB: also i told you the package was in the car but i never mentioned that the game was there too.

EB: so kind of totally busted i guess.

EB: GIVE ME A P

EB: GIVE ME AN S

GG: hahahaha oops ok!

GG: i mean i know lots of things but im really serious its no more information than what you have access to 

GG: but you dont know it yet

GG: anyway we can talk more about it soon.....

GG: i wont have to be so coy with you anymore because im pretty sure most of the stuff that was supposed to happen has already happened

GG: i couldnt tell you about it because it would have messed it up!

EB: ok, that is fair.

GG: just give me a few minutes while i set up this game!

GG: and say hi to the salamanders for me

GG: <3
    
  
  
