
  
   
    
    -- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering tentacleTherapist [TT] --



TG: hey

TG: will you open your laptop already

TG: see

TG: this is why you need a phone or something

TG: that alerts you to important messages

TG: instead of leaving them trapped 

TG: under three inches of fucking yarn 

TG: laptops dont need cozies

TG: nothing needs cozies

TG: cozy is a goddamn adjective

TG: maybe ill crochet myself an iphone snuggly

TG: what is this place anyway

TG: what are you doing

TG: i can see your whole damn house here if you want to get filled in or something im sort of the guy with the big picture here

TG: dont make me bop you on the head with a wizard

TG: ill do it

TG: ok no i wont

TG: yet

TG: i guess ill bone up on the faq for a while

TG: so i dont do anything stupid and deploy like 10 crux flangers and fuck up the whole game

TG: oh my god

TG: so many words

TG: do you think like the pulitzer committee is secretly scouring the dregs of the gamefaq archives or something

TG: damn

TG: i cant read this shit im sorry



-- gardenGnostic [GG] began pestering turntechGodhead [TG] --



GG: yo yooooooo!!!!!!!

TG: whoa ok hey

GG: so youre finally playing the game with rose?

TG: yeah

TG: but she wont answer me

GG: shes probably just exploring im sure she will come around soon....

GG: but its great that you got her out of there in time!!!

TG: pretty much you have no idea how much i fuckin own at this game

TG: i bested no less than three flaming tornados and broke a huge wizard

GG: so how does it feel to be a BIG TIME HERO

GG: mister braveybrave mcheropants

TG: it feels like

TG: i am in sports

TG: all alone

TG: and i am the star

TG: its me

TG: and then the big man comes

GG: hehehe 

GG: but it turns out to be CRAZY what kind of basket ball this man plays!

GG: ummmm......

GG: the HOOP IS ON FIRE...

GG: ok i forget how it goes

TG: no you got it

TG: we're good

TG: reference secured

GG: yes!!!!!!

GG: so now it is my turn to be the star!

GG: i will be your hero

GG: its me

TG: wait what

GG: i installed the game!

GG: im connecting to you as the server player

TG: oh man

TG: this is ridiculous

TG: i just set this shit up with rose and now i got to do like

TG: some double duty thing

TG: i mean i own at the game and all but cant i just relax for half a second

GG: dont worry!

GG: you can keep playing with rose while i just set up a few things

GG: i figured id get a good head start to avoid all the drama you guys are always getting into 

GG: such a bunch of drama queens!!!

TG: what

TG: look i was getting my ass handed to me by my bro on the roof for like an hour and a half

TG: i got served like a dude on butler island

GG: (DRAMA DRAMA DRAMA)

TG: wait does this mean theres a big meteor coming soon

GG: yes!

TG: when you activate the thing will it start the countdown and summon the meteor

GG: itll come when it comes regardless of what we do

GG: the timer really just lets you know when its coming

TG: are you totally sure about all this

GG: yes look here it is!

GG: http://bit.ly/d7kXrQ

TG: ok yes that image is definitely conclusive proof of something and is 100% understandable by anyone who looks at it

TG: how big is this thing

GG: it is REALLY REALLY big

TG: like the size of rhode island or texas or what

TG: i need some context to know how much crap i should be shitting into my pants

GG: ok i dont actually know :(

TG: well as if like one the size of a bus wouldnt kill me anyway

GG: hehe yeah....

TG: wait hold on rose is finally opening her stupid laptop

TG: so do your thing i guess

TG: have fun

GG: thanks i will! <3
    
  
  
