
  
   
    
    TT: I spoke with Jaspers.

TT: I didn't understand what he told me.

TT: He said I'll understand once I "wake up".

TT: For some reason this made me think of you.

GG: hehehe......

GG: yeah i bet hes right!

TT: We wouldn't happen to be talking about awakening in a sort of breezy, philosophical sense, would we?

TT: Is my dead cat concerned with my enlightenment? Should I prepare to shed this coil of ignorance and suffering?

GG: wow no i dont think so...

GG: hes being a bit more literal than that!

GG: what did he say?

TT: I doubt I could reproduce the statements with fidelity.

TT: It was like listening to a five year-old describe a dream.

TT: The content manages to take a back seat to the simple heartwarming spectacle of the moment.

GG: :)

GG: well what he meant was.....

GG: that you have a dream self

GG: who is supposed to wake up whenever your real self goes to sleep

GG: we all do! all four of us i mean

GG: but see your dream self still stays asleep when you go to sleep

GG: because you havent woken up yet!

TT: I think I get it.

TT: I take it your "dream self" is wide awake when you sleep?

GG: yes

TT: And would I be out of line in additionally presuming this has been the case for many years, at least as long as I've known you?

GG: no you would not be out of line!

GG: in fact im asleep now

TT: That was to be my next wild presumption.

GG: :p

TT: So when I wake up, can I look forward to being able to message people in my sleep too?

GG: no only i can do that!

GG: because of my robot

TT: Oh, right.

TT: I forgot about your robot.

TT: My short term recall seems to eschew the profoundly ridiculous.

GG: you guys can probably make your own i guess......

GG: but you need to wake up first for it to matter and maybe by the time that happens you might not even need them!!!

TT: I'm not sure if necessity is a concept I'd associate with such a contraption even under some of the more obscure scenarios imaginable.

TT: But good to know I guess.

TT: Here's another question, which I'm sure will look stupid once I've finished typing it.

TT: If my dream self is asleep, does that mean she's dreaming, and if she is, who's dreaming the dream, her or me?

GG: um.......

GG: ok well i dont really know how to answer the second part but yeah shes dreaming!

GG: shes most likely lying in your bed troubled and restless

GG: about things burdening her

GG: which is to say you!!!!!

GG: things about who you really are and what your purpose is

GG: but you cant start figuring those things out yet because youre not awake because youre not ready yet

GG: thats why you have such terrible dreams all the time rose!

TT: Ok. How do I wake up?

GG: im sure it would help to start piecing together the clues to nudge your subconscious

GG: or maybe face some things you havent faced yet?

GG: i dunno! its for you to find out

GG: maybe the stuff you wrote on your walls can give you a clue?

TT: What stuff?

GG: the....

GG: er

GG: didnt dave tell you?

TT: Tell me what?

GG: ._.

TT: Are you saying he said I defaced the walls of my room?

TT: While not appearing to be cognizant of the scrawlings?

TT: Like John?

TT: I really hope that's not what you're saying.

TT: It might freak me out.

GG: he said he was going to tell you <_<;

TT: Hold on.
    
  
  
