
  
   
    
    -- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering tentacleTherapist [TT] --



TG: thats it i cant take it anymore

TG: it was such a huge mistake prototyping seppucrow with this useless mindnumbing jackass

TG: im going back

TT: Already?

TG: what do you mean already shit took 4 goddamn months

TG: or something

TG: i dont know im kind of losing track of how long its been with all this time hopping

TT: It just sounds like you're making a rash decision based on temporary aggravation with a laughing puppet.

TT: I thought we planned to progress as far as we could before you went back.

TT: To gather information, and avoid repeating mistakes.

TG: what else is there to know

TG: we lost

TG: cant finish the game with a dead heir and witch

TT: We don't know Jade is dead for sure.

TG: yeah well she had a big fucking meteor bearing down on her and we never heard from her again

TG: or the trolls for that matter

TG: after they tricked john into skipping way ahead and getting his ass handed to him by the denizen

TG: i guess once they managed to sabotage us they were done with us

TG: and since john died he couldnt get jade in on time so whether shes alive or not shes as good as dead from our perspective 

TG: only thing left to do is change all that

TT: Are you sure you're ready?

TT: You'll remember the plan we discussed?

TG: theres not much to remember

TG: i go back and tell john not to be an idiot and get trolled like such a gullible stooge

TG: i dont know what he was thinking

TG: even we couldnt kill one of those things yet

TG: with our higher levels and all our sick gear

TT: It still seems hasty to me.

TT: Maybe I'm just not as comfortable with time travel as you.

TG: nah itll be fine dont worry

TT: After you go, what do you think will happen to me?

TT: Will I just cease to exist?

TG: i dont know

TG: i mean your whole timeline will

TG: maybe

TT: Maybe?

TT: Is there a chance it'll continue to exist, and I'll just be here alone forever?

TT: I'm not sure which outcome is more unsettling.

TG: the thing with time travel is

TG: you cant overthink it

TG: just roll with it and see what happens

TG: and above all try not to do anything retarded

TT: What do you think I should do?

TG: try going to sleep

TG: our dream selves kind of operate outside the normal time continuum i think

TG: so if part of you from this timelines going to persist thats probably the way to make it happen

TT: Ok.

TG: and hey you might even be able to help your past dream self wake up sooner without all that fuss you went through

TT: I think the true purpose of this game is to see how many qualifiers we can get to precede the word "self" and still understand what we're talking about.

TG: the true purpose is to make a sprite that doesnt make me want to flog myself raw with my own brain stem

TG: anything else is gravy

TT: If my past self can wake up sooner, maybe I'll be the one to visit you first this time.

TT: I'll fly by and remind you you're already awake and don't know it.

TG: yeah thatd be cool i guess

TG: im gonna go now

TT: Good luck.
    
  
  
