
  
   
    
    -- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering ectoBiologist [EB] --



TG: ok im in

EB: in where?

TG: the medium

EB: oh, already?

TG: what do you mean already shit took 4 goddamn hours

EB: huh, i guess time flew by while i was doing other stuff.

EB: how did it go?

EB: with you and jade i guess?

TG: i dont want to talk about it

TG: imagine the worst day of my life

TG: just stood up and clinked a glass like it was about to give a speech

TG: then took a shit in my dinner and passed out with its pants down

EB: ew dog! ewwww!

TG: yeah

EB: so nasty! gross dude!!!

TG: stfu

TG: what are you doing

EB: i'm in a rocket pack and i am about to blast off into space.

TG: ok

EB: it should be sweet.

TG: i need some advice

TG: my kernelsprite which was this brainless feathery asshole with a sword in it

TG: turned into this bigger like ghostly feathery asshole

TG: with a sword in it

TG: it seems to want me to prototype it again

TG: not sure what to do

EB: hmm...

EB: have you asked rose?

TG: shes asleep for some reason

EB: wow, really?

TG: yeah i saw her there

TG: all tuckered out

TG: like she got smacked in the face with a pillow case full of the snooze wizards beard dander

TG: cause obviously its fuckin prime time for swiping some shuteye about now

TG: like a few hours into her magic stupid quest

TG: anyway what do you think

EB: i don't really know, i mean...

EB: it's supposed to be like your ghostly spirit guide or something.

EB: unless you have the remains of a wise old dead grandparent lying around, i'm not sure what to tell you!

TG: ok fine but

TG: it seems to be suggesting something here

TG: and

TG: i guess im kinda weirded out by its suggestion

EB: i don't know, just do what it says!

EB: it knows stuff about the game, so it probably knows better than i do...

EB: i gotta go!

EB: gonna blast off to the seventh gate.

EB: and, uh, win this game i guess.

TG: ok well it definitely sounds like youre fucking something up over there

TG: but alright later

EB: later.
    
  
  
