
  
   
    
    TG: whoa why are you burning your wizard fanfiction

TT: I'm not.

TT: This book contains a genetic code.

TG: oh ok

TG: then why are you burning that

TT: The gods from the Furthest Ring asked me to.

TG: is that some dumb wizard thing you just made up

TG: or something to do with tentacle monsters

TG: i cant keep track of what you like anymore

TT: How did you know I wrote a story about wizards, anyway?

TG: john told me

TG: he was all snoopin around your room while you were asleep and i was like no man dont

TG: so not cool

TG: then he was like haha dude check it out this book is full of wizard slash

TG: and i was like i dont even want to know this is such a crazy violation of privacy

TT: This story sounds suspicious.

TG: do you want me to chew him out about it i will because that was so outrageous i dont know where he got off being like that

TT: No, I don't actually mind.

TT: Too bad I missed him.

TG: i thought you hated wizards

TG: whats the deal with that

TT: I like wizards.

TT: What I don't like is my mother's obsession with feigning interest in them to antagonize me.

TG: oh man thats so messed up

TG: that you think that

TG: she probably digs wizards for real just like you and youre blowing shit out of proportion like pretty much always

TG: you and she could probably have been chatting up how awesome wizards were this whole time but no

TG: youre probably burning your nutjob meow book to spite her too arent you

TT: No, I told you.

TT: It's one of the gene sequences locked in my subconcious.

TT: The gods say it's critical to destroy it.

TG: oh yeah

TG: i thought that was a joke

TG: when did they say that

TT: When I was asleep.

TG: you mean when we were dancing and stuff in our dreams

TT: Yes.

TT: When I flew to your tower, I heard them.

TT: They're far above, in the dark sky.

TG: ive never seen or heard these things in my dreams

TT: Aren't you often distracted?

TT: By music and puppets?

TG: uh yeah

TT: Have you ever looked into the sky without your shades?

TG: no what a ridiculous question

TT: Maybe you should try it some time.

TG: ....

TT: You're the prince of the moon.

TG: ........

TT: I'm sure they've been meaning to seek a royal audience.

TG: ..........................

TT: What do all these dots mean.........

TG: dunno

TG: anyway yeah i guess ill do that

TG: get some sky monsters to boss me around sounds cool
    
  
  
