
  
   
    
    arachnidsGrip [AG] began trolling apocalypseArisen [AA]



AG: Araaaaaaaadiiiiiiiia!

AA: 0h b0y thats way t00 many of the same letter in a r0w twice

AG: I know!

AG: So we're a8out to get started right?

AG: Have you tricked Sollux yet?

AG: Do you have Mr. Two Eyes all 8efuddled and flustered in your we8 of lies?

AG: Or Mr. Four Eyes?

AG: Hmmmmmmmmm.

AG: I don't know. Which nickname do you think would 8e suita8ly derogatory in this case Aradia?

AA: h0w ab0ut

AA: eight eyes

AA: minus seven

AG: ::::P

AA: i didnt trick him

AA: its n0t like that

AG: Ok, whatever. The point is.

AG: Once you have pulled the finely woven silken mesh over his dum8 different colored eyes, you and I will start playing the game and 8e the 8lue team leaders.

AG: That's how this will work right????????

AG: Wait do you mind if we are co-leaders? I forgot to ask! I just assumed it was ok with you.

AA: i d0nt care

AG: Great. That's the spirit!

AG: And when I 8ring you into the game, whatever the hell that means, then we can send each other stuff right? That is how this works right?

AA: yes

AG: Awesome!

AG: 8ecause I have a present for you. It's a surprise, and it's going to 8e great. From me to you.

AG: Just from me. From me alone and no8ody else.

AG: I can't wait to see the look on your face when you see.

AA: 0k well im sure it will be very th0ughtful

AG: Hey speaking of which, what will the name of our team 8e?

AA: uh

AA: the blue team

AG: No no no no no. I know that.

AG: I mean the name of OUR team. You and me. Just uuuuuuuus.

AG: ::::)

AA: i havent given it any th0ught

AA: n0r did i think such a thing was up f0r c0nsiderati0n

AA: but if y0u want t0 pretend we b0th have a separate team t0gether

AA: and name that team

AA: then kn0ck y0urself 0ut

AG: I just thought it would 8e really fitting.

AG: Kind of like a fresh start, you know?

AG: I don't know, what are our shared interests? I guess I never really thought a8out this! I guess I'm used to thinking of you as the enemy. There must 8e some overlap in profiles.

AG: Come oooooooon, let's 8rainstorm!

AA: 0_0

AG: Man, it'll 8e great. We'll 8e unstoppa8le. Surely you must admit it will 8e nice to re8ound from the Team Charge de8acle!

AA: i never think ab0ut that anym0re

AG: Oh maaaaaaaan, I'm so dum8! Here I am running my mouth and opening up old wounds, while at the very same time trying to make amends! What an idiot.

AA: its 0k

AG: Hey speaking of which, that loser isn't going to 8e on the 8lue team is he?

AA: which l0ser

AG: Your old team 8uddy!

AA: n0

AG: Oh thank fucking goodness! Talk a8out dead weight. You made the right choice, leader! I mean co-leader.

AA: i didnt exclude him f0r that reas0n

AA: 0r at all

AA: y0ure just n0t getting it

AA: y0u never listen

AG: Man, now I've got this huge 8eefgrub lodged in my nook just thinking a8out him.

AG: I'm going to go give him a hard time.

AG: Let me know when you're live! Later.



arachnidsGrip [AG] ceased trolling apocalypseArisen [AA]



AA: d0nt d0 that its really childish

AA: uh w0w
    
  
  
