
  
   
    
    caligulasAquarium [CA] began trolling cuttlefishCuller [CC]



CA: fef

CA: hey

CC: ?

CA: glub

CC: Glub glub!

CC: 38)

CA: yeah

CA: hm

CC: W)(at is it!!!

CA: wwhat

CC: I am wondering if you can forego t)(e exaggerated emotional t)(eatrics for once and actually tell me w)(at's on your mind!

CA: nothins on my mind wwhy cant i just fuckin talk and glub at you for a reason i dont havve

CC: 38|

CA: wwell fine but you dont wwant to hear it

CC: Yes I do.

CC: We are supposed to talk to eac)( ot)(er, t)(at is w)(at moirails are for.

CA: uhuh wwhatevver

CC: Glub glub glub glub siiiiig)(.

CC: Will you take t)(e c)(ip off your nub and tell me w)(at's t)(e matter?

CA: yeah wwell ok since wwe are the PALEST OF PALS A GUY COULD EVVER ASK FOR

CA: i wwill tell you

CA: evven though you wwill only humor me as usual since you dont agree wwith my agenda

CA: any of my agendas really

CA: none of the agendas

CA: none of them

CC: Are you fretting over anot)(er one of t)(ese dumb contraptions?

CA: see

CA: more condescension

CA: you are goin to make a hell of an empress

CC: No I'm not! But t)(at is beside t)(e point.

CC: None of your plots to kill t)(e land dwellers ever work out, and every doomsday device you get your )(ands on turns out to be a piece of junk!

CA: so

CA: i got to keep tryin thats howw all the great military masterminds became great through upright persevverance

CC: I t)(ink deep down you stack t)(ese plots against you so you fail because you know it's wrong.

CA: it isnt wwrong

CA: im not going to explain it to you again

CA: at this point all you need to knoww is its important to me

CA: and im doing it for us

CA: i mean our kind

CA: nobody understands not evven you

CC: T)(is is t)(e last time I will say t)(is.

CC: W-E AR-E NOT B-ETT-ER T)(AN ANYBODY!!!!!

CC: GLUB. >38(

CA: pshh

CA: hemospectrum begs to differ

CC: If you're as sickened by t)(em as you say, w)(y do you spend so muc)( time on land?

CC: You can't )(ave t)(e sort of affinity for "our kind" t)(at you profess if you've only spent, w)(at...

CC: A few days underwater, maybe? IN YOUR W)(OL-E LIF-E!

CA: wwhatevver

CA: i havve to keep an eye on em up here

CA: its all about tactics

CC: W)(at about your friends? Do you ever t)(ink about t)(em?

CC: If t)(ey are beneat)( you t)(en t)(ey )(ave to die too.

CC: And I know you like talking to some of t)(em. You say you )(ate t)(em but I t)(ink you are pretending!

CA: history is full of cases wwhere conquerers consort wwith members of the enemy in a mannerly wway before wwipin them out

CA: evven goin as far as growwin fond a some

CA: its only civvilized

CC: Mmm )(mm.

CC: I )(ave a fis)(y feeling...

CC: T)(at t)(is stupid doomsday mac)(ine t)(ing is just anot)(er excuse to consort!

CC: Wit)( someone in particular...

CA: all your feelins are fishy

CC: 38P

CA: GLUBGLUBGLUBGLUBGLUBGLUB

CC: 38O

CC: DON'T YOU GLUB IN T)(AT TON-E OF GLUB WIT)( M-E MIST-ER!

CA: ill glub in wwhatevver dumbass bubbly soundin fishnoise i wwant to glub

CC: O)( S)(IT, you are angling for SO MUC)( TROUBL-E NOW.

CA: ok please lets just not get into the wwhole fuckin fish pun thing again ok

CA: like wwe get it wwe are nautically themed

CC: )(-E)(-E ok. 38)

CA: but yeah i dunno

CA: i dont knoww wwhy she ignores me i guess shes just bored wwith me

CA: wwe had it all set up for her to givve me this thing tonight that probably doesnt evven wwork but yeah maybe that wwasnt the point

CA: i mean you think wwe havve a pretty good rivvalry goin right

CA: or at least had

CA: it wwas pretty fuckin bitter and contentious for a wwhile there and there wwas some good chemistry i dont knoww wwhat happened

CC: Um, I guess?

CC: I wouldn't really know.

CC: Sometimes people just drift away I t)(ink, or just aren't as into t)(e quadrant as t)(e ot)(er wants to be.

CC: So you really t)(ink your feelings for )(er run t)(at dark?

CA: it doesnt matter like i said shes bored shitless

CA: i guess im not as good a advversary as i thought

CC: T)(at is so ridiculous, any girl would be lucky to )(ave a kismesis as diabolical as you, especially T)(AT one.

CC: W)(o knows w)(at )(er problem is! S)(e )(as issues.

CA: ehhh

CA: wwell ok thanks for sayin so

CC: You know, I'm not sure w)(y we never talk about our romantic aspirations.

CC: We s)(ould more often. It is kind of -EXCITING!

CA: shrug

CC: Probably because you fill your gossip quota wit)( your nubby )(orned bro.

CC: You leave not)(ing left to talk about wit)( your dear sweet moirail!

CC: We are supposed to )(elp eac)( ot)(er wit)( t)(at stuff too, remember.

CA: maybe

CA: seems kinda

CA: odd though

CC: Your stupid fis)(y face is w)(at's odd!

CC: )(AV-E YOU -EV-ER T)(OUG)(T ABOUT T)(AT??

CA: fine

CA: wwell those are my stupid feelins wwhat about yours

CA: seems to me like you get along too wwell wwith evverybody to be harborin any black sentiments

CC: Um...

CC: Yea)(. I can't t)(ink of anybody I feel t)(at way about. 38\

CC: Maybe I am just not old enoug)( to )(ave t)(ose feelings yet? We are still pretty young you know.

CA: yeah

CC: So ok. T)(ose are your black leanings.

CC: W)(at about R-ED, ------Eridan???

CC: )(MMMMM??????? 38D

CA: oh god

CC: Is t)(ere a lucky lady you are waxing scarlet for?

CC: OR LUCKY F-ELLOW??? 38O

CA: uh

CC: Tell me!

CC: Don't pretend you're all -EMBARRASS-ED SUDD-ENLY!!!

CA: ok fef

CA: this is NONE OF YOUR DAMN BUSINESS

CC: 38o

CA: i gotta go

CA: be back later wwhen its time to play



caligulasAquarium [CA] ceased trolling cuttlefishCuller [CC]



CC: 38(
    
  
  
