
  
   
    
    cuttlefishCuller [CC] began trolling caligulasAquarium [CA]



CC: W)()()()()(-E-E-E-E-EW.

CA: fef are you in

CC: Yea)(...

CA: that took forevver

CA: i wwas gettin wworried kinda

CC: Yes, it was a pretty close call, and got kind of complicated.

CC: But Sollux finally came t)(roug)(, and now I believe t)(e full c)(ain is complete!

CA: man that guy

CA: hes a fuckin drama machine it is fuckin pathetic

CC: YOUR STUPID FIS)(Y FAC-E IS T)(-E DRAMA MAC)(IN-E T)(AT DO-ES NOT)(ING BUT W)(IN-E AND GLUB.

CC: 38P

CA: fuck SORRY

CC: Anyway you s)(ouldn't say t)(at about )(im, )(e is a )(ero and )(e saved my life.

CA: yeah sorry

CA: i wwas just really wworried and stressed out i thought you wwere dead

CA: and i didnt evven get to thank you for savvin my life or really for anythin

CA: and i just spent all this time here wworryin and thinkin about stuff

CA: and i decided i havve something i wwant to tell you

CA: that ivve been meaning to get off my nub for a wwhile noww

CC: O)(, really?

CC: T)(at's good! Actually, I )(ave somet)(ing I )(ave been meaning to say to you too.

CA: wwhoa really

CA: uh

CA: wwhat is it

CA: you go first

CC: Mm, okay.

CC: But t)(is isn't easy to say!

CA: yeah i knoww

CA: its ok maybe i wwill understand more than you think

CA: wwe might evven be sayin the same thing

CC: Okay, I )(ope so.

CC: I t)(ink...

CC: Now t)(at we are bot)( in t)(is game, and )(ave left our world be)(ind...

CC: And you can no longer pose t)(e danger to our people t)(at you )(ad always planned to...

CC: I t)(ink it is not really necessary for me to be your moirail anymore.

CA: wwhoa

CA: wwait

CA: wwhat

CC: 38(

CC: I am really sorry, -Eridan. It )(as just been so )(ard looking after you and keeping you out of trouble!

CC: It )(as taken its toll, and )(onestly I am really ex)(austed.

CA: fuck

CA: this isnt what

CA: i dont knoww i wwasnt expectin this at all

CA: im not sure i can handle this

CC: I'm sorry!!! 38'(

CC: It will be t)(e best for bot)( of us. We can just sort of be...

CC: Regular friends instead.

CA: no

CA: please dont

CA: look im bein serious here dont do this

CA: i wont even use my weird accent while i type ok so you know im bein really dead serious and honest about this

CC: Uh...

CC: Okay, I am being serious and honest too. SEE?

CA: ok good

CA: are you sure you arent bein hasty about this youve just been through a lot

CA: i mean we are supposed to be fated to be moirails arent we

CA: isnt that how it works

CA: you cant just throw all that away cause youre sick of me

CC: I am not sick of you, Eridan! I still really like you.

CC: In order to be destined for moirallegience, both people have to be on board, don't you think?

CC: But I cannot do it anymore. So I think it just wasn't meant to be all along.

CC: And really, you just don't need me anymore. You are free to do as you wish! We both are.

CC: I can't look after you anymore.

CA: I DIDNT EVER NEED ANYONE TO LOOK AFTER ME

CA: i was totally fuckin fine my ambitions were noble

CA: and really none of your fuckin business QUITE FRANKLY your majesty

CA: and the only reason i put up with stickin my flipper in this fuckin shithole quadrant with you was

CC: Was what?

CA: nevermind

CC: Tell me!

CA: ok fine

CA: i apologize for losin my shit over this i was just caught off guard is all

CA: but maybe its a good thing really

CA: actually i might a been proposin the same thing to be honest

CC: Oh?

CA: yeah

CA: fef have you thought about

CA: since you dont wanna be pale with me no more

CA: the possibility a some other type of arrangement with me

CC: What do you mean?

CA: i mean

CA: somethin a bit more

CA: kinda reddish

CA: like

CA: brighter red

CC: 38O

CC: No, I hadn't thought about it!

CA: ok well what do you think about it

CA: now that youre thinkin about it

CC: Um...

CC: I really don't know about that.

CA: why not i thought you said you liked me

CC: I do! But I don't know if it's really in that way.

CA: couldnt it be though

CA: dont you think theres room in your collapsin and expandin bladder based aquatic vascular system for those feelins

CC: I've never had a chance to consider anything like that! I have just spent all my time worrying about you and trying to keep you from killing everybody or hurting yourself.

CC: It took all my energy.

CC: I don't think I have anything left for those feelings either.

CA: oh god

CC: What?

CA: im the biggest fuckin idiot who ever lived

CA: i cant BELIEVE i just opened up to you like a chump when i knew what was comin

CA: i am one sad fuckin brinesucker

CA: overemotional sappy trash youre right im not better than anybody

CA: im worse than anybody

CA: EVERYBODY

CA: all the bodies

CC: STOP!!!!!!!!!!!

CC: God.

CC: Will you just clam up for once in your life?

CC: Always carping and carping and carping!

CC: You go completely overboard with your emotions, always looking to reel in drama wherever you can.

CC: I am up to my gills in it! I just can't salmon the strength anemonemore.

CA: i cannot

CA: BELIEVE

CA: you are doin the fish pun thing while youre breakin up with me

CA: real nice

CA: whoops i mean REEL nice

CC: HEHEHE, sorry.

CC: But really, this shouldn't be as bad as it sounds.

CC: When all is said and done, I am still your friend.

CC: We have left our world behind. Everyone is dead, and there's no use in worrying about it now.

CC: It's over! It is time to play this game and focus on building something new and ------EXCITING.

CC: So )(ang in t)(ere, -Eridan.

CC: I )(ave to go now! Sollux is in serious trouble, and I )(ave to go )(elp )(im.

CC: BY------------------------E!

CA: wwait

CA: dont go



cuttlefishCuller [CC] ceased trolling caligulasAquarium [CA]



CA: glub
    
  
  
