
  
   
    
    arachnidsGrip [AG] began trolling ectoBiologist [EB]



AG: Joooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooo

AG: oooooooohn!

AG: W8ke up!!!!!!!!

EB: heheh. i am pronouncing that like a really long "june".

EB: that is so many o's.

AG: It is 8ight groups of 8ight. I specifically counted them.

AG: It's sort of a thing I do.

EB: you typed my name in 64 bit.

AG: Wow. What a nerd!

EB: have i talked to you before?

AG: Um, possi8ly? This is the first time I have contacted you that I am aware of.

EB: i'm pretty sure i remember you. you hassled me a long time ago.

EB: i think you threatened to kill me at some point.

AG: John, give me a 8r8k! That was o8viously just my way of getting to know you.

AG: Or it will 8e, whenever I get around to it.

EB: well, yeah, i know that about you guys by now.

EB: but also i know that it is probably not exactly an empty threat!

EB: since one of you already managed to trick me into getting myself killed.

EB: well, in another timeline at least.

AG: Man.

AG: That was pro8a8ly Terezi! I should have known she would pull something like that. What a meddler.

EB: terezi?

AG: Yes. The pesky 8lind troll who licks her monitor and smells words and stuff. The one who got you killed. I'm sure of it!

EB: huh. it never really occurred to me to ask what your names are.

EB: kinda rude of me!

EB: what is yours?

AG: Marquise Spinneret Mindfang. ::::)

EB: man, that sounds so made up!

EB: but if you say so, marquise.

AG: Spinneret! Marquise is a title, stupid.

EB: oh, ok.

AG: And you don't have to worry a8out me manipul8ting you to your death!

AG: It is completely 8eneath me. Unlike her, I plan on taking the high road.

AG: You see John, you and I actually have some things in common, 8ut you couldn't possi8ly understand why yet.

AG: So I'm planning on helping you!

EB: ok, i will be sure to let my guard down.

EB: psyche!!!!!!!!!

EB: oh damn, that was 9 !'s.

EB: !!!!!!!1

EB: shit!

EB: never mind.

AG: Hahahahahahahaha.

EB: anyway, nice meeting you spinneret.

EB: if you don't mind, i would like to try to go back to sleep.

EB: i was dreaming about something important.

AG: You can't sleep now, John!

AG: What a8out J8de????????

EB: oh god, i forgot!

EB: poor jade... :(

EB: i hope she is alright.

AG: She's fine. I can see her right now!

AG: 8ut she will not 8e for long if you don't get her into your session.

EB: yeah, you're right.

EB: i have to hurry and go save her!

EB: see ya!

AG: Wait!!!!!!!!

AG: Where the hell do you think you're going to go? You don't even have your copy of the game yet!

EB: oh yeah...

EB: duh, stupid stupid dumb.

EB: do you know where i am supposed to get it?

AG: Easy! Just w8 around for a few minutes.

EB: hmm...

EB: ok?

AG: See, John? You need me to advance.

AG: Even though you were going to do this stuff anyway, it turns out I am the reason you were going to do it anyway in the first place!

AG: Your timeline is my we8, and suddenly you are all tangled up in it, wriggling and helpless.

AG: Isn't that cooooooool????????

EB: meh.

EB: so, you seem to like 8's a whole bunch, and i guess you are like, kind of spidery themed or something?

AG: Yeah!

EB: haha, spiders are gross!

AG: Fuck you!!!!!!!!
    
  
  
