
  
   
    
    -- ectoBiologist [EB] began pestering tentacleTherapist [TT] --



EB: hey rose!

TT: Hi.

EB: how are you doing? i don't even remember the last time we talked.

EB: i have been so busy.

EB: and it looks like you have been too.

EB: i mean, hopy shit!

EB: my house is HUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGE!

TT: Actually, building up your house has been one of the more trivial ways I've passed the time.

TT: Great swaths of the structure may be copied and pasted with little architectural consideration.

TT: I've only bothered to do so while in contemplation.

TT: It's relaxing.

EB: oh.

EB: well, it must have cost a fortune!

TT: We have a lot of grist.

EB: how much?

TT: I don't recall any hard figures off hand.

TT: Last I checked, more than a million units of several different types.

TT: Torrented between the three of us.

EB: torrented?

TT: Shared, through an application.

TT: I unlocked the disc from your registry, and deployed it.

TT: I convinced your nanna to install it on your computer.

TT: Before an imp threw it out the window, that is.

EB: you got her to do that? but she's an old lady! also, a ghost.

TT: My methods of persuasion have been improving.

EB: also, she is really tricky, and plays lots of pranks.

EB: did she try to prank you?

TT: No.

EB: huh.

EB: i guess you enjoyed the prankster's gambit on that exchange then.

TT: ?

EB: oh yeah...

EB: what's up with the alchemiter?

EB: it looks weird.

TT: Upgrades.

EB: did you get nanna to do that too?

TT: No, your consorts were utilized for that.

EB: the salamanders??

TT: Yes. They seem eager to receive simple instruction.

TT: I'm guessing they find their way back to your house to allow the client player to remain productive while the server player is away.

EB: they aren't very smart...

TT: No, they aren't.

EB: i'm surprised they even understand what to do.

TT: Like I said.

TT: Coercion hasn't been much of a problem.

EB: yeah...

EB: uh...

EB: what exactly does that mean?

EB: what have you been doing this whole time???

TT: Why don't you tell me what you've been up to first?

TT: I've been curious, but too preoccupied to inquire.

EB: well,

EB: i have been talking to a lot of trolls, for one thing.

EB: they sure are a talkative bunch!

TT: I've noticed.

EB: and then i cloned some slime babies in the veil.

TT: Did you?

EB: yes. um...

EB: ok, long story short is, jade is my slime clone sister, and dave is your slime clone brother, and we were all born today!

TT: Yes.

EB: yes?

TT: I figured that out.

EB: oh.

TT: Anything else?

EB: umm...

EB: then i fell asleep, and woke up on the battlefield.

EB: oh!

EB: rose, i am fairly sure i saw your mom!

TT: You did?

TT: Are you sure it was her?

EB: well, it was a nice and proper looking lady, with a pink scarf, so...

EB: i dunno, who else would that be!

TT: That was likely her.

TT: How was she?

EB: fine, i guess...

EB: she was with my dad.

TT: That's interesting.

EB: yeah!

TT: Did she seem happy?

EB: happy?

EB: wow, i dunno.

EB: i don't really know her well enough to say, i guess?

EB: plus, i was a little distracted.

EB: maybe i will find out next time i go to sleep.

TT: Fair enough.

EB: now stop being so spookily mysterious and tell me what you've been doing!

TT: Investigating, mostly.

EB: investigating what?

TT: Everything there is to investigate.

TT: Information hidden in the lore of our lands, concealed in ruins and riddles.

TT: I'm looking for whatever there is to discover about the game, and more importantly, whatever exceeds its boundaries.

TT: The cloaked traces of myth beyond its scope.

EB: its scope?

EB: oh, rose, did you know that we are supposed to be creating a universe with this game?

TT: Yes.

EB: i think that's pretty neat!

TT: It is, in principle.

TT: But it won't happen.

EB: so you believe the trolls then?

TT: It's not a matter of believing them.

TT: The writing is on the wall. Literally.

EB: it is?

TT: This session was never meant to bear fruit.

TT: It's barren, so to speak.

EB: that's a bit of a bummer!

EB: i am still skeptical about that, though.

TT: That's why you're our leader, John.

EB: huh?

TT: Optimism through stalwart skepticism is a defect not everyone is lucky enough to be cursed with.

EB: that's stupid.

EB: i'm not your leader, i am your FRIEND, there is a BIG difference!

TT: Statements like that are also why you're our leader.

EB: pff.

EB: laaaaaaaame.

TT: Yes, kind of.

EB: so, if you're sure that we are going to fail...

EB: what is the point of everything we're doing?

TT: Simple.

TT: The objective is no longer to win.

EB: um...

EB: i mean, what are we actually shooting for here?

TT: To do as much damage to the game as possible.

TT: To rip its stitches and pry answers from the seams.

TT: We will snatch purpose from the jaws of futility.

TT: Are you ready to wreak some havoc, John?

EB: i suddenly don't understand anything.
    
  
  
