
  
   
    
    AG: Noooooooo!!!!!!!!

AG: XXXXO

EB: what?!?!?!

AG: What the fuck are you doing now!

EB: i am going to blast off and fly a little higher, to see if i can find nanna up there!

EB: and then i will install the game.

EB: it will only take a second!

AG: No, that's not what I mean!

AG: I know that's what you're going to do.

AG: You're just not supposed to do it now!

AG: You are supposed to do something else first. And then fly up. It's right here on your timeline. 8y attempting to do the thing you're not supposed to do yet, you are just wasting more of our time!!!!!!!!

EB: jeez!!!

EB: you are incredibly bossy.

EB: more like marquise bossyfangs.

AG: I told you, that's my role playing name, not my real one! So your weak 8urn means nothing.

EB: no, you did not tell me that you like to play troll dungeons and dragons.

AG: Oh, yes John. I am really going to know what that stupid Earth game is, just 8ecause you put troll in front of it. Stupid.

EB: i will find out what your name is, i am tricky and i have ways.

AG: Pffffffff, dou8t it.

AG: Now shut up and do what you are going to do next!

EB: i don't know what i'm going to do next!

EB: apparently what i thought i was going to do next was wrong, so why don't you tell me?

AG: 8ecause.

AG: That's ridiculous!

AG: That would 8e a ridiculous way for us to do things.

EB: has it occurred to you that i might be wasting so much time because you keep pestering me telling me how much time i'm wasting?

EB: and then when i'm about to make progress you tell me i am doing the wrong thing!

EB: if it weren't for you i would be playing this game already.

AG: Okaaaaaaaay, shut up!

AG: Fine. I will hold your hand every step of the way, since that's apparently how you want to do this.

EB: but it isn't!

AG: I said shut up!

AG: Look, you are a8out to make yourself a new outfit, and THEN you will fly up and install the game.

EB: oh...

EB: but why would i do that? my ecto labsuit is rad!

AG: 8ecause you look like an idiot!

EB: :(

AG: Seriously, it's a good thing I did decide to 8other you now. Otherwise you would go through the game looking like a little weenie 8oy-Skylark.

EB: what is a boy skylark?

AG: It is the most terri8le, gutless class for wimpy losers, ones who have no idea how to handle themselves when a girl talks to them and stuff.

EB: actually, i think i remember passing that rung on my echeladder a while ago.

AG: Yes, exactly! It is 8eneath you, John.

AG: You are clearly much 8etter than that. You should dress like it.

EB: who cares what i dress like? it is what's inside the adventurer that counts.

AG: Hahahahahahahaha!

AG: I watched you actually say that with a str8 f8ce. Oh my god.

EB: why are you taking such an interest in my fashion, anyway?

AG: Trolls are an extremely fashion-minded race, John. You should make a note of this, since you pretend to 8e a scientist or something.

EB: ha ha, it sounds like you have a really lame culture.

AG: John, that is an outr8geous thing to say. You don't even know how important the fashions are, so 8e quiet.

EB: laaaaaaaame.

AG: Look at that! You counted out 8 a's for me, John! That is so thoughtful of you.

EB: oh, ha ha...

EB: i didn't even count. it just...

EB: turned out like that.

AG: Really????????

EB: yeah.

AG: <33333333

EB: er...

EB: ok, anyway, i will make a new suit, but i am not ditching my ectosuit!!!

EB: it is so sweet, i look like link, if zelda was a quest about an elf scientist.

EB: i am the wind waker. it's me.

AG: I know you are, John.

AG: Now empty out your sylladex and let's see what sort of killer gear we can make for you. 8ut do it fast!
    
  
  
