
  
   
    
    -- ectoBiologist [EB] began pestering turntechGodhead [TG]  --



EB: hey dave!

TG: hey

EB: wow, it's been a while since we talked, hasn't it.

TG: has it

EB: i think the last time i talked to you, i was doing exactly what im doing now...

EB: which is blasting off from my house.

EB: or was it?

EB: wow, i can't remember...

TG: man who cares

TG: i mean thats great and all

TG: but i talked to you plenty more times since that from where im standing

TG: ive got to make this quick

EB: oh.

EB: you mean like the trolls?

EB: are you using the troll time chat gizmo?

TG: fuck no fuck that trollian horseshit

TG: its just regular old time travel

TG: im from the future

EB: oh ok. is this dave sprite?

TG: no

TG: just regular ordinary dave from the fucking future nothing special dude come on

EB: well, excuse me, but i still think time travel sounds kind of special.

EB: sorry you are so jaded by awesome shit!

TG: yeah ok it is awesome but im in a hurry

EB: what is it?

TG: i need to borrow some boondollars off you

EB: boondollars? i thought they didn't do anything.

TG: no they do do something

EB: what do they do?

TG: what do you think they buy shit its fucking money

EB: what do they buy?

TG: i cant answer all these questions dude youll find out anyway its not like youll even really need your money

TG: you you might as well give it to me

EB: uh...

EB: how much do you need?

TG: all of it

EB: oh, fuck that!!!

TG: man you just said you thought it was useless why do you care

EB: but you just said it wasn't useless!

TG: ill pay you back

EB: really? when?

TG: in the future

TG: if theres one thing im not short on its the fuckin future

EB: how far in the future are you from?

EB: i thought we only had something like 24 hours until, like...

EB: game over.

TG: yeah we do

TG: but chronologically ive been around for at least triple that

EB: wow. how...

EB: i don't get how that works!

TG: no shit your deal is wind not time

TG: youre on easy street what is there even to think about with wind

TG: like what angle to blow it at to fly a damn kite or how gentle its gotta be to make a picnic go swimmingly

TG: its kiddie bullshit time is serious fucking business

TG: leave it to the pros ok

EB: but, doesn't going back in time make an alternate reality?

EB: i thought that's what happened with dave sprite, he came back to make sure i didn't die and this is a new timeline now.

TG: yeah it can work that way

TG: or not

TG: ive been very careful

TG: this whole operation is strung together with stable time loops

TG: no timeline offshoots cause thats when daves start dying and that isnt no good for nobody

EB: daves, plural?

TG: yeah

TG: there are a bunch of daves running around the timeline

EB: oh, man.

TG: but they are all me

TG: i mean they will all become me and ill become them one way or another

TG: thats how stable time loops work shit takes a lot of planning and precise choreography

TG: ive got some help though

EB: help?

EB: sounds like you have been talkin' to some trolls!

TG: yeah

EB: they seem to be getting more talkative lately.

TG: man dont even get me started with that

TG: the 24 hour span of the reckoning is like some kind of critical spike in us dealing with troll bullshit

TG: i guess its just when the most shit is going down so they figure thats the best time to mess with us

EB: yeah, that makes sense.

EB: i guess since you've lived three days in one day, you've just been hassled that much more?

TG: i dont know man they seem to flock to me

TG: ive been laying waste to chumps nonstop

TG: its like they heard somebody over here was handing out asses and theyve known nothing but years of bitter ass famine

EB: heheh.

EB: so what is the future like?

EB: or uh, the 3x future...

EB: do we win???

TG: oh you know

TG: noirs outta control

TG: rose is crazy jades crazier and youre

TG: well youre you

TG: and together were up to our bulges and miscellaneous bullshit alien physiology in hot sloppy shenanigans while hatching plans under our feathery asses like a bunch of cage free farm fresh motherfuckers

TG: but im not about to get into specifics cause this is complicated enough as it is

TG: and if i started ranting too much about the future id start sounding like one of these smug alternian shitheads and im not about to drop that retarded science on my good bro

TG: so im staying on track here

TG: speaking of which

TG: give me your money

EB: but...

EB: i worked hard saving up that money!

EB: i have a whole boonbuck now.

TG: oh christ

TG: only one

TG: well fuck nevermind then

TG: i thought youd have more by now but thats goddamn peanuts

EB: :(

TG: i mean

TG: ill take it anyway but damn

EB: tell me what you want with it!

TG: im working the system here

TG: using time loops to manipulate the incipispheres financial sector

TG: making a goddamn killing in the lohacse

EB: lohacse?

TG: lohac stock exchange

EB: um...

EB: lohac?

TG: my planet

TG: land of heat and clockwork dude come on

TG: you know like gears and lava and shit

EB: oh, huh.

EB: that sounds unpleasant.

TG: wrong it kicks ass

EB: your unpleasant face is what kicks ass!

EB: or DOESN'T, more like.

TG: egbert stfu and give me your goddamn boonbuck j3gus fuck

TG: ill turn it into a boonmint in an hour and youll get it back ok

EB: j3gus?

EB: *narrows eyes suspiciously...*

TG: no comment

EB: i don't even know how to give it to you!

EB: they are just more weird gaming abstractions, how do we do this?

TG: you can wire it to my account

TG: ill send you the app

EB: i'm really pretty busy you know. i have to help jade!

TG: i know

TG: but this takes like two seconds

EB: bluh...

EB: fiiiiiiiine.

TG: dude

TG: dont do the vriska thing ok

TG: shes messed up we talked about this

TG: or will talk

EB: who?

TG: whatever

TG: alright app incoming

-- turntechGodhead [TG] sent ectoBiologist [EB] the file "virtualporkhollow.exe" --

TG: gotta go later



-- turntechGodhead [TG] ceased pestering ectoBiologist [EB] --
    
  
  
