
  
   
    
    -- caligulasAquarium [CA] began trolling tentacleTherapist [TT] --



CA: wwho are you tryin to convvince wwith this ludicrous poppycock

TT: ?

CA: magic is NOT REAL

CA: wwhatevver youre doin its not real its somethin else outright entirely

CA: its fancy and impressivve and all but its not the fuckin figmental storybook claptrap you wwanna make out like it is

CA: so howw about you get off your high skyhorse

TT: Why do you keep addressing me as if I'm some sort of spokesperson for the reality of magic?

TT: You can't needle me into a defensive posture on the subject. I just don't care.

CA: youre not usin magic just DEAL WW IT

TT: Fine. You win.

TT: These are science wands. I am a charlatan.

CA: ok i didnt say that

CA: i think you wwear the role pretty wwell wwhich is somethin i can appreciate

CA: theres a lot of showwmanship thats put in to comin off as a diabolical sort

TT: Thanks for the insinuation that I'm making an effort to project myself as a cartoon villain. What a compliment!

CA: wwell fine you dont havve to behavve vvillainous if youre bent up on actin against the grain a your nobility or somesuch

CA: i can play that role its not like i evver didnt get my gils dirty before

TT: Nobility? What are you talking about?

CA: wwell arent you

TT: No. What gave you that idea?

CA: the wway you

CA: ok

CA: i had a misconclusion about that so my fault

CA: obvviously you got rich blood so maybe when you crash landed you wwerent recognized for it by wwhatevver vvehicle upholds the class structure in human society

TT: That is exactly what happened. You figured it out.

CA: must of been fuckin brutal raisin up a commonblood wwhen you knew you wwere better than evverybody and its probably got you all messed up inside but maybe theres hope for you

CA: see i got a lot a experience bein nobility so ill let you knoww if you got a shot in hell at cuttin it pinkscarf

TT: ...

CA: fakemage pinkscarf howw does that sound

TT: You're a complete idiot.

CA: see this is good i think this could be a good thing

TT: What?

CA: this thing wwe got goin

CA: you obvviously hate me and i think i got it in me to get the dark propensities smolderin

CA: and wwere both obvviously dangerous elites in nature

CA: i think theres somethin there i mean look at howw you evven came into the wworld

TT: And how was that?

CA: killed a fuckin fuck ton of marine life accidental

CA: doin thats all i evver done practically the ocean wwas my killin cauldron

TT: Accidentally?

TT: Or on porpoise?

CA: hahahahaha see youre good wwith fish puns too i got so many a those you havve no idea

CA: i just think theres a fate thing here

CA: i mean i dont mean to strike you as too forwwardsuch but are you seein wwhere im goin wwith this

TT: Oh, right. Alien romance, I forgot.

TT: Pass.

CA: look i understand you dont understand that kind of thing in your culture i get that

CA: but maybe i could teach you to get it

TT: That's really sweet of you to offer.

CA: yeah and in return maybe you could teach me howw to bullshit magic like that

TT: You want to learn magic?

CA: yes teach me your secrets wwitch

TT: Sure. Let's begin.

TT: Consider this your first lesson in showmanship.
    
  
  
