
  
   
    
    cuttlefishCuller [CC] began trolling gardenGnostic [GG]



CC: Glub glub. 38) 

GG: what!!!!!

CC: S-E-E?? 

GG: see what!

GG: go away

CC: I told you! 

CC: T)(ere is not)(ing to worry about at all. 

GG: bluhhh what are you talking about....

GG: my head hurts

GG: just stop it, stop trolling me

GG: i hate you all!!!!!!!!!!!!!

CC: )(oly mackerel, looks like SOM-EON-E woke up on t)(e wrong side of t)(e absurd )(uman bed! 

CC: C)(ill out, Jade. I am just following up on w)(at I told you earlier. 

GG: about what!

GG: i dont remember talking to you at all

CC: About your dream! Your post-dreamdeat)( dreamself's dream. 

CC: Errr. W)(ic)( is a term I just made up now. 38| 

GG: my dream was horrible!!!

GG: i dont know what that was, i have never dreamed anything like it

CC: Yes, I imagine not! You )(ave spent your w)(ole life dreaming about prospit, no? 

GG: oh god....

GG: prospit :(

GG: is it really gone?

CC: Yes, Jade. It is time to face t)(e facts! 

CC: Our moons are gone too. If we wis)( to sleep now, our dreams must take place in t)(e bubbles glubbed by t)(e gods w)(o live in t)(e Furt)(est Ring. 

CC: It is t)(e infinite space w)(ic)( divides all sessions, completely unnavigable and unfat)(omable, untouc)(ed by t)(e time or space of any universe in existence. 

CC: Its lords are our slumberbuddies now. 38) 

GG: uuuuuuuuugh D:

CC: Don't be ridiculous. T)(ey are not as dreadful as t)(ey look. 

CC: In fact, t)(ey are quite )(elpful if you know )(ow to talk to t)(em! 

CC: Don't you remember our dream? I was trying to s)(ow you t)(at t)(ere is not)(ing to fear. 

CC: But t)(en... you kind of freaked out! )(umans are so M-ELODRAMATIC. 

GG: oh......

GG: that was you?

CC: )(ELL YEA)(! 38D 

GG: argh

GG: sorry but

GG: could you please

GG: not use all those stupid parentheses??????

GG: i can hardly read what you type and its giving me a migraine

CC: GLUUUUB oh fine. 

CC: I will suspend my neato quirk just for you. 

CC: I hereby renounce the royal mark of sea dweller supremacy in the interest of INT-ERSP-ECI-ES DIPLOMACY. 

GG: what about the -E thing, can you stop that too? it is also annoying and stupid

CC: JEGUS JADE. 

CC: Look! It is like a cool trident I throw sometimes. 

CC: oooooo ---------------E 

CC: How is that not awesome! 

GG: meh :\

CC: Okay, you win. I have officially humbled myself before you. Entirely glubbing peasant-IFICATED for your pleasure. 

CC: Shall I clip my fins for you as well, your majesty? 

GG: hehehe

GG: ok, sorry for sounding bossy

GG: you seem pretty nice, and you sure do look exotic

GG: i kind of always thought you were all like

GG: a bunch of really obnoxious humans

CC: Well, thank you! On both counts, of being likened to something other than an obnoxious human, as well as on my exotic looks. 

CC: For the record, you look pretty awesomely weird too. 

CC: I introduced myself before, but since you do not remember, I will do so now. My name is Feferi, and I was going to be the Empress, but now I am not! 

GG: hey feferi, i would like to remember......

GG: but everything is so foggy right now

GG: i remember prospit being attacked

GG: and

GG: falling.....

GG: aaaand

GG: i dunno :(

GG: do you know what happened?

CC: Hell if I know! 

CC: In your pre-death dream at least. Oh, well you died obviously, so there's that. 

GG: fffffff

GG: yeah, i gathered that! XC

CC: All I could see was what happened in your hive. 

CC: You were asleep, and then your robot exploded. 

CC: And then your lusus saved you! Kind of like mine saved me. 

CC: Before she died. 38C 

GG: ohhhhhhh!!!!!

GG: i do remember you!

GG: i remember you were talking to me about my lusus, and i had no idea what you were talking about

GG: and still sort of dont :\

GG: but you must mean bec

GG: also it was shortly before your friend sent me a weird message

GG: about how my robot was going to explode, and i should talk to him when it happens

GG: this was months ago

CC: Oh? Who was that? 

GG: it was the most awful and angry one

GG: i am so sick of him, i really dont want to talk to that pathetic jerk ever

CC: Ah, Karkat. Of course. 

GG: thats his name?

CC: Yes, he's our leader. Why did he want you to talk to him? 

GG: hmmmm

GG: thats right, it was about some kind of plan...

GG: which he said me from the future told him about?

GG: i thought it was total nonsense at the time

GG: but

GG: i guess he was telling the truth

GG: so maybe i should talk to him? i dont know

CC: Glubshrug. 

CC: He's pretty harmless, really. You get used to his yelling. 

CC: I do not even process it as yelling anymore. More like a lot of blubbering. 

CC: More blubber spills out of that mouth than a gash in a poached whale. 

GG: ewwwww

CC: Gluuuuuub, I just made myself hungry. 380~ 

GG: ewwwwwwwwwwww!

GG: fish aliens are weird

CC: Hey! We're the aristocracy. We've got a duty to be weird. 

CC: Anyway, go talk to your shoutfriend I guess. 

GG: ok feferi, it was nice talking to you

CC: And hey, if you want to take another nap sometime, let me know! They will be more than happy to glub us up another bubble. 

GG: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO

GG: i am never going to sleep again!

GG: never never never never never never

CC: PSH WE'LL SEE ABOUT THAT, MISS HORNLESS MCFINLESS. 

CC: Why, if I'm not mistaken, you are looking a little drowsy right now. We may meet again sooner than you think. 38D 

GG: yes, im so tired

GG: :(

GG: well, ok

GG: bye



gardenGnostic [GG] ceased being trolled by cuttlefishCuller [CC]
    
  
  
