
  
   
    
    -- gardenGnostic [GG] began pestering ectoBiologist [EB] --



GG: john are you there???

EB: whoa, hey!

EB: you're awake!

GG: yes!

GG: im so relieved to talk to you and hear youre ok

GG: i mean.......

GG: are you ok john? your dream self i mean

EB: oh, yeah.

EB: i am pretty sure that i...

EB: he?

EB: am/is fine.

EB: i woke up on the battlefield which was on fire, and had flaming bits of prospit everywhere.

GG: :(

GG: yes, but that was not prospit. that was its moon which was severed by the crazy derse agent

EB: oh, you mean jack?

GG: i dunno!

EB: that is his name, karkat told me.

EB: i saw him there too.

EB: oh!!!!!

EB: i also got your present, and it saved my life!

GG: really?? :D

EB: yes, the bunny was so awesome, it was definitely the best bunny i got today.

EB: thank you so much, jade!

GG: <3

EB: when jack saw it, he flew the hell away. and then the bunny and i went on an adventure together.

EB: does the bunny have a name? i asked him but i don't think he can talk.

GG: i dont know! i did not give him one after applying the upgrades

GG: i gave her a girls name when i was very young, but now she is a different bunny, and also a boy i guess?

GG: its up to you john, he is your bunny

EB: oh, i did not even think of that.

EB: well if she grew up as a girl, then it's not right for me to suddenly make her a boy.

EB: hmm...

EB: you have no idea how tempted i am to name her casey again.

GG: hahahaha

GG: again?

EB: yes, i named a young salamander casey earlier, but then i left her at rose's house.

GG: you were at roses house??

EB: yes, but she was asleep.

EB: also, apparently i am supposed to marry rose. karkat said so.

GG: what!!!!

EB: it is true, it is a fact from an alien.

GG: ugh he is so weird

GG: you shouldnt listen to him!

EB: heheh, i did not take him that seriously.

EB: but karkat is cool, he is angry and funny.

GG: D:

GG: he is angry and a huge pain in the ass

GG: have you ever talked to two of him at once????

EB: haha, no!

GG: dont ever do it! you will get a headache

EB: that sounds kind of awesome.

GG: noooooooo, think again

EB: i've got it.

EB: i will name her liv tyler.

GG: ????

EB: the bunny.

GG: :|

GG: you mean from armageddon?

EB: yeah!

GG: john that is so stupid

GG: but also kind of cute i guess

GG: ok then the bunny will be named after your silly movie star fantasy crush

EB: it's too bad i can't marry liv instead of rose.

EB: the girl i mean, not the bunny.

EB: but i guess she is probably dead now, along with all the other glamorous movie stars who come out to shine on the silver screen.

EB: that's pretty sad.

GG: yeah......

GG: that reminds me john

GG: have you looked in the lab yet?

EB: the lab?

GG: the big room in the sphere at the top of the tower

EB: oh, no. why?

GG: could you do me a favor and not look in there?

EB: ok. why, is there a secret in there?

GG: its nothing that secret or personal or anything....

GG: it is just something kind of sad and weird for you to see

EB: what is it?

GG: it is my dead dream self

GG: it has been there for years, i always knew i would die but i did not realize it would go like this....

EB: oh...

EB: errr...

GG: what?

EB: i have sort of already seen... that.

EB: not in the lab, but on the battlefield.

GG: oh no!!!!!

GG: im sorry john :(

EB: it's ok.

EB: i was so confused and sad when i saw you lying there...

EB: i'd rather not talk about it i guess.

GG: i understand

EB: but, i wonder...

EB: if your dream self died...

EB: then what were you just dreaming about now?

GG: ummmmmmm

GG: i think i would rather not talk about that either

EB: ok, that's cool.

EB: oh, also...

EB: i found your ring.

GG: you did????

EB: yes...

EB: but then i woke up, and didn't have it anymore.

EB: so i am not sure where it is now.

GG: oh nooooooo

GG: john that ring is really important, it belongs to the white queen!

EB: oh, whoa.

GG: when you go to sleep again, you should try to find it and keep it safe!

EB: ok, i will do that.

EB: hey jade, we have a lot to catch up on, but how about later?

EB: we have to hurry, remember there is a big meteor heading for you right now?

GG: yes i have seen it, it is so huge ._.

GG: how much time do you suppose we have?

EB: i will find out now!
    
  
  
