
  
   
    
    EB: ok, we have 10 minutes and 25 seconds.

GG: hmmmm i wonder what the significance of that number is

EB: why would it be significant?

EB: numbers don't always need to have significance!

GG: but they usually do!

EB: ok, well the number is now less than it was, and therefore less significant.

EB: and by less, i mean more! you had better hurry upstairs and make your special item.

GG: yes, youre right

EB: hey, what do you think we should prototype this fussy little orb with?

EB: heheheh, it seems like so long ago that rose fed mine a clown.

EB: we were just messing around, we didn't even know what we were doing.

GG: i dont know...

GG: there are so many possibilities

EB: yeah...

EB: it's almost like your grandpa put all this crap here knowing we'd have to make that decision.

GG: hmmmmmm!

GG: yes, it sure seems that way

EB: he seems like he was an awesome guy, i would have liked to have the chance to talk to him.

GG: well

GG: maybe you will get that chance john

EB: oh?

GG: yes, as a matter of fact i am sure we will both get that chance!

GG: i once dreamt that we would

EB: huh...

EB: wait, are you saying we will prototype him?

EB: like i did with nanna, to bring her ghost back to life?

EB: as...

EB: another ghost?

GG: sure, why not!

EB: i guess that makes a lot of sense, actually.

GG: that is what i believe this game is for in part

GG: you got to bring back your nanna, rose brought back her cat, i can bring back grandpa, and dave...

GG: dave got to bring back a dead bird because of course he is too cool to have any dead family members

EB: yeah, also he brought back himself from the future.

EB: who... wasn't dead, but was going to die maybe? i dunno.

EB: specifically to save my life, as well as yours, i think.

GG: wait, he did????

EB: yes.

GG: that is

GG: soooo cooooool :O

EB: it's pretty neat, i guess.

GG: i almost completely forgot i was his server player!!!!!

GG: i hope hes not in trouble, i should check on him

GG: we probably have so much to catch up on

EB: i just messaged him, he is not answering.

GG: i dont see him in his house either :(

EB: ehhh, he's fine, he has been doing a lot of time traveling.

EB: i talked to him from the future, so he must be ok now to make it that far.

GG: oh, ok...

GG: jeez, i feel so out of the loop :(

EB: yes, that is why we need to get you in the loop!

EB: the loop being the game. hurry upstairs! your transporty pad thingies take you straight up, right?

GG: yes! ok here i go

EB: oh, wait!!!

GG: what!

EB: what do we do about prototyping?

EB: we shouldn't put your grandpa in yet, unless we want lots of imps and ogres and stuff that look like your grandpa.

GG: augh, nooooooooooooooo

EB: we could put in something really lame, to make all the monsters weaker!

EB: or at the very least, more ridiculous looking.

EB: like one of these weird pictures of blue ladies lying around.

EB: what's the deal with those, anyway?

GG: oh god, dont get me started :|

GG: he was a strange and silly man

EB: i guess we could just put nothing in and see what happens.

GG: hmmmmmmm, perhaps

GG: is that allowed?

EB: i don't see why not.

EB: maybe i will ask rose, because she suddenly understands everything for some reason.

GG: yes, thats a good idea

EB: we have ten minutes to think about it.

EB: whoops! i mean a lot less than ten minutes!

EB: hurry upstairs, go go go!!!
    
  
  
