
  
   
    
    EB: what is this thing, anyway??

EB: and why is it blocking your transporter?

GG: it is some sort of terrible creature my grandpa hunted

GG: he called it the typheus minion

GG: i always hated it!

EB: typheus?

EB: like the web browser?

GG: i guess so

GG: it is probably a coincidence though

EB: hmm, i don't know...

EB: if you think numbers always mean something, why wouldn't browser names?

GG: yeah maybe.....

GG: i guess it would make sense for someone to name a really awful web browser after such a hideous monster

EB: wow, you sure do hate that thing!

GG: well sorry, i just found it sort of a weird and creepy thing to grow up with!

EB: i think it is pretty cool.

EB: and he is actually sort of cute to be honest, :p

GG: :p!!!!!!

EB: oh, and screw you, typheus is an awesome browser!

EB: it is old school.

GG: joooohhhhhn, it is so crappy

EB: typheus is the best and that's really all there is to say on the matter.

GG: YEAH RIGHT

GG: now is obviously not the best time to have the argument about whose browser is better....

GG: but really john you should upgrade to echidna, its so much nicer

GG: after you upgrade your clunky old computer of course :P

GG: maybe when i am in the game, i can give you one of mine!

EB: oh please.

EB: i will have you know, miss fancy computer dork...

EB: that i DID upgrade my computer.

GG: oh???

EB: yes, you are talking to the proud owner of a brand new BILL COSBY COMPUTER, ok?

GG: :O

EB: it is a stylish laptop in the shape of none other than bill cosby, the comedy LEGEND himself.

GG: omg

EB: he is looking a little sly, and fatherly, and he is wearing a sweater, and he is bill cosby.

EB: i made it with my alchemiter.

GG: john that is incredible

GG: i cant wait to make stuff like that!!!!!!

GG: except...

GG: all my awesome stuff exploded with my room :(

EB: then you will just have to make lots of NEW awesome stuff!

GG: yay!!!

EB: ok hold that thought, im going to yank this stupid monster off of the thing.
    
  
  
