
  
   
    
    -- tentacleTherapist [TT] began pestering ectoBiologist [EB] --



EB: rose, i have a question, and i am in a hurry!

EB: so hurry up and answer!!!

TT: Did you know your planet was on fire?

EB: oh.

EB: it is?

TT: Yes. It makes a good light for reading, actually.

EB: ok, haha, that's a confusing thing you said, but that topic will have to wait!

EB: jade is minutes away from entering, and i need to decide what to do with this kernel sprite.

EB: i really don't want to mess up and do something stupid.

EB: i was thinking about not prototyping at all, to not give the monsters any new powers.

EB: what do you think, rose?

EB: i thought i'd ask since you seem to know all the mysteries.

TT: Yes, I do seem to be shadowed by each mystery and its somber cortege of riddles, don't I?

EB: yes.

EB: that is exactly what i was going to say.

TT: First of all, I should preface this conversation by saying I know exactly what you and Jade are going to do.

EB: um...

EB: ok?

TT: The more of our future I've been allowed to see, the more I'm presented with a challenge I'm not very comfortable with.

TT: The trolls have tipped us off about what's to come without any regard for the consequences, as appears to be their nature.

TT: But maybe that's why it's worked for them.

TT: Maybe their indiscretion mingles with the cosmic noise that is the fabric of temporal uncertainty.

EB: bluhhhhhh...

EB: rose, tick tick tick!!!

TT: Sorry, John.

TT: I'm just nervous about it.

TT: About whether telling you what you definitely will or won't do will alter a predetermined outcome.

TT: The result would be a splintered timeline, and we would all be sentenced to eventual oblivion.

TT: I'm presently optimistic this has not happened yet, and this is still the alpha timeline. I'd like to keep it that way.

EB: oh, wow.

EB: you mean like when i died in another dimension, because terezi hornswoggled me?

TT: Yes, sort of.

TT: It isn't much fun, John.

EB: what's not?

TT: Living for months in an offshoot reality, waiting for the curtain to drop.

EB: oh, ok, i see.

EB: well, uh...

EB: is there anything you can tell me?

TT: Hmm.

TT: I guess I can permit myself to tell you this, somewhat definitively.

EB: what?

TT: Failing to prototype the kernel is the absolute worst thing that you could possibly do.

TT: Like, ever.

EB: oh no!

TT: We would come into possession of all the disasters.

TT: Exhaustive possession. Monopolization, in fact.

EB: then i guess i will not do that.

EB: why is it so bad?

TT: Because the battlefield will not be able to heal, and then transform.

TT: It will not reach the stage which allows it to become ready to receive our universe.

EB: but...

EB: i thought you said it wasn't going to be able to make a universe anyway?

EB: wasn't it barren or something?

TT: Yes.

EB: so why is it important?

TT: Because if it does not reach this stage, we will not be able to recover the treasure hidden in its core.

TT: Which is to say,

TT: You will not be able to recover it.

TT: When you go to sleep again.

EB: OHHHHHH.

EB: why didn't you say so, of course the answer is treasure.

TT: Yes. This is the treasure that will give us hope.

TT: But only if it comes into being in the first place.

EB: what is the treasure exactly?

TT: John, what is that sound?

EB: what sound?

TT: It seems to be a ticking noise.

EB: aaaahh!

EB: yeah, i've got to go. we can chat about treasure later.

EB: anyway, i will sort out this prototyping silliness myself.

EB: thanks rose!



-- ectoBiologist [EB] ceased pestering tentacleTherapist [TT] --
    
  
  
