
  
   
    
    TT: This will at least buy you some time.

TT: If you stay calm, and we work together, we can get you out of this.

TT: I'm practically an expert at escaping fires by now.

EB: ok, thank you rose.

EB: hey, how do you know these things anyway?

EB: can you see me somehow?

TT: Yes.

TT: I have a crystal ball.

EB: oh man, really?

TT: Yes.

EB: like a magic one?

TT: I think so.

EB: can it show you the future?

EB: is that how you know what's going to happen?

TT: No, it can only show me various locations in the present moment, as far as I can tell.

TT: My perception of the future has been informed by other sources.

EB: like what?

TT: Informants.

EB: durrrrr.

TT: Whispering gods, memories sifted from dreams, cryptic readings from unearthed talismans, conclusions drawn from riddles deciphered - every gambit you'd expect a quest to extend to an emerging seer.

TT: Just as I presume an heir would be supplied with what's needed for his maturation, assuming he's looking for it.

EB: oh... yeah.

EB: point taken. i guess i should be looking, huh?

TT: You should probably be doing what you're doing.

EB: okay, so...

EB: with what you've learned from your dreams and gods and magic and stuff...

EB: do you have it all mapped out now? do you know everything?

TT: I didn't know why you were asleep, did I?

EB: yeah, but...

EB: neither did i!

TT: I have more pedestrian sources too, you know.

TT: Sometimes trolls blither tidbits about the future, and I can't help but take note of it.

TT: Just as they do with you.

TT: You also have access to the oracle clouds in Skaia, whereas I do not.

EB: oh yeah.

TT: Knowing the future is no remarkable feat here.

TT: It appears to be a fact of life.

TT: I'm not all that special, John.

EB: ok, buuuuuut...

EB: i guess that's not all i'm talking about.

EB: you seem a little different.

EB: kind of, um... spooky?

TT: Really?

EB: i just mean that before, it felt like we were in this adventure together, figuring stuff out as we went along.

EB: and now you have all the answers! because of magic, and other mysterious reasons!

EB: and you want to use your powers to break the game, and i still don't really understand why, and...

EB: bluh.

TT: I'm not actually trying to caricaturize a grim sorcerer.

TT: There's still a perfectly intact piece of my mind which realizes how ridiculous it is to be flying across rainbow oceans with a couple of magic wands and a salamander in a little cowl.

TT: And it wasn't without swallowing a little embarrassment that I revealed I was using a crystal ball just now.

TT: It's all pretty absurd.

TT: And yet,

TT: It's been fun, and above all, practical.

TT: For solving our problems.

EB: ok, yeah, you're right.

EB: i guess i just started worryin'...

EB: that you are getting away from us!

EB: because you know everything, and you're magic, and you have a crystal ball, and a salamander, and you are basically a wizard.

EB: and that's cool, and it sure does sound fun...

EB: but i kinda think it was more fun when you just did things like read books, and tell jokes.

TT: I still read books and tell jokes.

EB: BA-DUM PSHHH!

TT: John,

TT: That was mean.

EB: sorry. :(
    
  
  
