
  
   
    
    EB: well, if you do not have any objection...

EB: maybe later, i will drop by your planet again and rescue you, thus breaking the spooky spell put on you by your nefarious, shadowy masters.

TT: Swoon!

EB: that way you will stop being so grimdark and ominous, and basically completely off the deep end in every way, as is now painfully obvious to anyone with a brain.

TT: I will do by best to occupy myself as benignly and unmagically as possible until you show up.

EB: yes.

EB: please write some happy stories in your journal, about lively horses, and conspicuously not about wizards, or sadness.

TT: ... "Happy?"

TT: What is this strange, unsad emotion of which you speak?

EB: yes, this is good.

EB: you see rose, these are jokes.

EB: this are what they look like, do not be alarmed.

TT: Jokes?

TT: Are those the things people say when they want unusual noises to come out of the pliable crescent-shaped holes sometimes found in people's faces?

EB: laughs, rose. laaaughs.

EB: also, those crescenty looking holes where laughs come out of?

EB: those are smiles!

EB: observe... :D

TT: I need to make a note of this.

TT: Excuse me while I open this tome bound in the tanned, writhing flesh of a tortured hellscholar. The screaming will subside shortly.

EB: ok, i will wait patiently.

TT: Continue to not be alarmed as I record your advice with runes stroked in the black tears bled from the corruption-weary eyes of fifty thousand imaginary occultists.

TT: And then brace yourself for the fabled blackdeath trance of the woegothics I will slip into, while quaking in the bloodeldritch throes of the broodfester tongues.

EB: no, rose!

EB: that sort of nonsense is exactly what is out of the question!

EB: i see things are more urgent than i realized.

EB: i will have to venture there straightaway, and slap you right out of that silly old trance!

TT: One is not easily shaken from the broodfester tongues, John.

TT: They are stubborn throes.

EB: oh.

EB: well shit.

TT: Besides, you can't come to my planet right away.

TT: You will need to recover the treasure first, because it must be delivered to me.

EB: oh yeah.

EB: what is this treasure, anyway?

EB: and how's it gonna save us!

TT: You'd probably be disappointed if I described it.

EB: tell me anyway!

TT: Ok.

TT: It's called The Tumor.

EB: ...

EB: you're right, that is the shittiest sounding treasure i have ever heard.
    
  
  
