
  
   
    
    -- arachnidsGrip [AG] began trolling ectoBiologist [EB] --



AG: Psssssssst.

AG: Hey 8rave leader.

AG: John!

AG: Stop ignoring me. My messages should receive top priority.

AG: Who are you talking to? I don't appreciate 8eing snu88ed like this. How ungr8ful can you get!

AG: Maaaaaaaan.

AG: Come oooooooon........

EB: hey vriska, sorry to keep you waiting!

AG: W8ting?

AG: Oh! I guess so. I hardly even noticed! I am like this really huge deal, and have a lot of stuff to keep me 8usy, remem8er?

EB: yeah, i know.

EB: um, sorry to cut this short, but this isn't really the best time to chat!

EB: i am in the middle of an ocean of oil that is ablaze with a lot of green fire.

EB: i need to figure out a way to escape!

EB: unfortunately, i fell asleep for some reason, and my bed landed here.

EB: i can't believe i was so stupid.

AG: Don't 8eat yourself up a8out it!

AG: I was the one who put you to sleep.

EB: you were?

AG: Yeah!

EB: um...

EB: you can do that?

AG: Yes, that seems to 8e the limit to what I can do to your primitive species.

AG: I guess our 8rains don't really work the same way? Who knows!

EB: hmm.

EB: what do you mean, "limit"?

EB: are you saying you can usually do more than that?

AG: Duh! So much more, John. I have a lot of gr8 powers.

AG: When we have more time, I will tell you all a8out them.

EB: ok, that is pretty cool i guess...

EB: but...

EB: why???

EB: why would you put me to sleep and put me in this predicament?

AG: John, soon you will understand that you are meant to rise to gr8tness.

AG: This can't possi8ly happen unless you are challenged.

AG: There will 8e times when your limits are tested. This is one of those times!

AG: I know this 8ecause I can see your future right here in front of me. You should trust me!

EB: ok, but...

EB: i kind of get that, but it's also kind of odd...

EB: if you're seeing my future, and you know those things are the outcome, then why are you going back and...

EB: i guess, involving yourself with these events? see what i mean?

AG: Oh John, this should 8e so o8vious to you 8y now.

AG: You are going to 8ecome a gr8 hero, that much is sure.

AG: 8ut I want to 8e the one responsi8le for it! 

AG: And now I am pretty much guaranteed to 8e.

AG: ::::)

EB: ok, that...

EB: SORT OF makes sense, i guess.

EB: but it's kind of hurting my head to think about!

AG: You don't have to think! Just leave the thinking to me.

AG: All you have to do is dig deep down, find your hero powers, and get yourself out of this jam.

AG: You can do it, John. 8e the hero!

AG: Just like in one of your movies a8out sweaty, rugged adult human males.

EB: ah HA!

EB: so you did watch that video I sent.

EB: what did you think?
    
  
  
