
  
   
    
    AG: It was ok.

AG: I admit it was a little 8etter than I expected.

EB: yessssssss, i knew it!

AG: 8ut who cares! Let's not get sidetracked 8y films a8out wounded, muscular renegades.

AG: 8y the way, John, have you ever considered growing your hair out?

AG: I 8et it would look fa8ulous.

EB: no, it would look so stupid!

AG: I don't know a8out that!

AG: I have an eye for fashion. 8 of them, in fact!

EB: i thought you didn't want to get sidetracked!!!

AG: Oh yeah. Whoops. ::::\

EB: anyway, putting me to sleep and landing me in hot water is one thing...

EB: but you sort of indirectly caused a MUCH BIGGER problem!

EB: before i fell asleep, i was about to prototype something really ridiculous to make jack weaker.

EB: i am pretty sure that it would have made jack lose both eyes, both arms, and give him silly blue hair, and possibly also make him be a girl?

EB: he probably would have been pretty easy to beat!!!

EB: but instead, it was prototyped by jade's first guardian dog lusus.

EB: and now he is unstoppable!

EB: and he becomes the one who is stirrin' up all that trouble in your session too!

EB: i mean, it sounds like your intentions were good, but you probably didn't realize to what extent you were messing everything up!

AG: Don't 8e a8surd, John.

AG: Of course I realized that would happen.

AG: It was pretty much the whole point, you goof!

EB: what????????

EB: vriska, why would you do that!

AG: Jegus, calm down.

EB: but!

EB: no!

EB: why should i calm down when you just said you deliberately sabotaged all of us?

AG: Relaaaaaaaax.

AG: Listen, John.

AG: Regardless of what I did, he is already here.

AG: I know this consequence will 8e hard for you to accept, 8ut whenever you feel angry or confused a8out it, just repeat this to yourself.

AG: It should 8ecome your mantra!

AG: He is already here.

AG: Say it, John!

EB: but what does that mean!

AG: It means what it sounds like! He's already here!!!!!!!!

AG: Here in our session, trying to hunt us down! Man, this should 8e elementary to you 8y now.

AG: No matter what you or I or any of us did, Jack's here now. That's the reality!

AG: And if I didn't stop you, it wouldn't have changed the reality for us here. We'd still 8e hiding on this rock, and he'd still 8e out there, sniffing around for us.

AG: He wouldn't just disappear! That's not how this time stuff works.

AG: All that REALLY would have happened is I would have allowed you to do something you weren't supposed to do!

AG: You would have prototyped with your pretty 8lue doll, 8ecause of course deep down you know you are o8sessed with me.

AG: And then you and all your friends would exist in a splintered timeline. And you wouldn't even 8e a8le to talk to me anymore! ::::(

AG: And then you'd 8e doooooooomed.

AG: I mean, more doomed than you are already. :::;)

AG: Trust me, I am really smart. I have this all figured out.

EB: i don't know if that makes sense!

EB: i mean, it kind of does...

EB: but something doesn't really add up about it.

EB: if you knew he was going to be created regardless of what anyone did...

EB: why did you decide to involve yourself that way?

EB: like the way you are involving yourself with me becoming a hero or whatever?

AG: You just answered your own question!

AG: I did it 8ecause I wanted to 8e the one responsi8le for cre8ting him.

EB: augh!

EB: BUT WHYYYYYYYY!

AG: 8ecause, John.

AG: It only makes sense that I would be the one to cre8te him.

AG: Since I am also going to 8e the one to kill him.
    
  
  
