
  
   
    
    -- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering gardenGnostic [GG] --



TG: hey

TG: welcome to the medium finally i guess

GG: hey!!!!!

GG: last time i talked to you i was asking for help and you were just nakking at me

GG: what was up with that bro???

TG: ok i dont know what youre talking about it was probably just some horrorterror chirping at you during one of your nap bubble mindfucks

TG: its not the point i just wanted to say

TG: i just saw you

GG: you did?

TG: yeah

TG: you appeared for a second

TG: shooting at an imp

TG: then you disappeared

GG: ohhhhhhh

GG: yes, i did get around during that battle didnt i?

GG: it was really intense!!!

GG: those stupid things are impossible to kill :(

TG: no you can kill them

TG: youll get better dont worry

GG: in the heat of the fray i didnt notice you!

GG: where were you?

TG: three places

TG: i remember seeing you twice before in different locations

TG: but at the moment im standing in the middle of this snowy goddamn field freezing my shit off

TG: just wanted to see if you were cool

GG: yeah im fine, thanks for asking!

GG: what do you mean you remember seeing me?

GG: was i jumping through time or something?

TG: no i was

TG: this is future me

TG: one of the future mes that is

GG: youre from the future?

TG: yeah jade thats what future me means

GG: :p

GG: john told me you have been doing some time traveling

TG: yeah

GG: that is.....

GG: really really awesome!

TG: its ok

TG: hey its pretty fucking cold

GG: i knoooooow

GG: it is a really neat place but its freeeeezing :o

TG: so im gonna go some place warm be back in a while later

-- turntechGodhead [TG] ceased pestering gardenGnostic [GG] --

GG: wait!

GG: dave!!

GG: uuugh stupid lousy cool dudes

-- turntechGodhead [TG] began pestering gardenGnostic [GG] --

TG: ok im back

TG: an hour later

GG: an hour?

TG: an hour for me

TG: a second for you

TG: i ran around for an hour got my ass some place warm

TG: went back in time

TG: picked up where we left off

GG: :O

GG: i can not believe how cool that is

GG: this is me believing neither that, nor its coolness :O

TG: yeah

TG: i guess im sorta used to it by now i dont think of hours going by the same way anymore

TG: i mean

TG: they are my hours but not everyone elses theyre kind of like private hours all to myself

TG: while everyone else is sort of in slow motion stuck in the thick of the alpha

GG: hmmmm...

GG: i dont know if i get that but ok!

TG: well yeah

TG: my thing is time yours is space

TG: pretty different things

TG: you GET things about space i dont

TG: or you will

GG: i will?

TG: yup

GG: ok........

GG: but anyway youre right, its coooold!!!!!!

GG: i have to go back inside

GG: i wish i had winter clothes

GG: and if i did, i ALSO wish that my wardrobifier didnt blow up with all of my beautiful clothes inside it :C

GG: im so horribly unprepared for this.... i have never even seen snow before, can you believe that!!!

TG: pretty believable since you lived on guam or wherever the fuck

TG: and also inside an active volcano

GG: derp yes dave that is so where i lived

GG: that is as biographically accurate as it gets about me!

TG: well ive never seen it either now that i think about it

GG: no???

TG: no

GG: isnt it great?????

TG: nah

TG: lavas better

GG: lava is NOT better than snow :|

TG: yeah it is lava and skeletal skyscrapers all melting and shit how is that not way cooler than

TG: snow and

TG: like

TG: more snow

GG: you cant play in lava, its no fun

GG: you can only die in lava

TG: snows a big chilly carpet of nobody gives a shit

TG: like old man winter spread around his nasty mayonnaise and turned the landscape into his personal asshole sandwich

GG: eww dave no

TG: when i look around all i see is the miles of unharnessed snowmen im just too damn cool to build

GG: no this is so lame

GG: i am hearing an insane and stupid guy say stupid idiot things while wearing dumb sunglasses for lame morons!

TG: whoa jade with the fucking haymaker

TG: i need to go look for my teeth on the canvas as soon as shit stops spinning and there stops being like ten of you

GG: heheheh

GG: why dont we play in the snow later

GG: as soon as you get some....................................

TG: time

GG: ..............................

TG: time

GG: ...................

TG: time then shades

GG: ..........

TG: time

GG: ...............

TG: time/shades lets go

GG: .......

GG: ....

GG: ...

TG: oh my fucking god

GG: ..

GG: .

GG: time 8)

TG: im not gonna play in the snow

TG: maybe you missed those credentials i flashed which clearly stated me being too cool for that

TG: like federally too cool

TG: my coolness is named after a dead president plus his middle initial to make it sound extra legit

GG: i know youre joking around, you are not too cool at all, you dont even think that

TG: ok

GG: brrrrrr

TG: i thought you were going inside

GG: i forgot :\

TG: well at least make some damn clothes

TG: something warmer why dont you alchemize some shit

GG: i cant!!!

GG: all that stuff blew up

TG: blew up

GG: its a long story that involves a pinata and a gun and a very naughty doggie

TG: i completely understand everything about that practically entirely

GG: so anyway, that reminds me ive got to talk to john!

GG: ive got to get him to make me some new gizmos...

GG: assuming thats even possible

TG: no dont bother john
    
  
  
