
  
   
    
    -- caligulasAquarium [CA] began trolling gardenGnostic [GG] --



CA: noww that youre done makin all that pointless rubbish

CA: ivve got somethin wway more wworth your wwhile

GG: which one were you again?

GG: wait

GG: werent you the guy who was always trying to hit on me??

CA: that couldvve been anyone

CA: lets not get distracted by your sad league of suitors and their flushed desperations

CA: im offerin you the edge here

CA: in your rivvalry wwith the other female

GG: uh...

CA: wwevve got the same abstratus

CA: and i dont need this thing anymore

CA: since i became more powwerful than you could evver imagine as a mighty wwizard of wwhite science

CA: so you might as wwell take it and settle your score wwith that awwful wwitch

GG: but

GG: im the wwitch!

GG: i mean witch

CA: yeah ok the seer then if you wwant to be dealin wwith technicalities

GG: rose?

GG: i do not have a score to settle with rose!!!

GG: why would you think that?

CA: oh

CA: wwell fuck

CA: suppose i wwas guessin it wwas natural to presume somesuch relation like that betwween the twwo a you

GG: i think you are projecting your own attitude on to others

GG: just because you tend to hate and/or hit on everyone you meet doesnt mean everyone else is that way

GG: rose just sent me a code for a crystal ball, shes my friend and is basically the best!

CA: oh i see so she shared her "magic secrets" wwith you then

CA: its probably a trap i wwouldnt trust her

CA: she is a cunnin and treacherous sort trust me i knoww her type

GG: wait do you have a thing for her too???

GG: did she reject you or something?

CA: you are slingin around such a bloody mess of slander wwith these accusations

CA: you wwouldnt understand anywway

CA: its already been painfully established you people cant get your shalloww think pans under the majesty of our quadrants

GG: :|

CA: if you must knoww things betwween us wwere gettin pretty bellicose and im pretty sure she wwas wwaxin as obsidian for me as a human got it in em to do

CA: and if not for the interdimensional divvide keepin us apart honestly i dont doubt our rivvalry could be brewwin outright pitch

GG: uh huh...

CA: but the thing is i need a rivval wwho can pose me a challenge

CA: and frankly shes not evven fit for holdin my cape anymore

CA: at this point i find all her adorable black pixie dabblins to be prime kiddie playtime shit

CA: all of her FRAUDULENT MAGICS cannot come close to posin threat to my mastery ovver the TRUEST SCIENCES

CA: an wwith my empiricists wwand i servve as the righteous hope that wwill incinerate delusion and the deluded alike

CA: my holy fire is the wwhite fury bled from the wwrath-wweary eyes of fifty thousand nonfictional angels

CA: and wwhen theyre finished wweepin they wwill boww before their prince

GG: wow what are you talking about

CA: so really you should be honored to inherit my old callin

CA: both my armaments and my feud

CA: itll be wwitch against wwitch

CA: a real one vvs an impostor

CA: faker one dies

GG: hey look at that, time for me to get going!

CA: oh wwill you just take the fuckin gun already

GG: no i dont want it!!!!!

CA: its a wway more powwerful wweapon than any of that crap you made

CA: its a legendary relic wwithout equal

GG: more like a legendary piece of shit!

CA: youre bein needlessly fuckin stubborn about this im doin you a fuckin favvor here

GG: yes but i dont like you very much and i feel really icky about accepting a present from you

CA: if you accept it this is the last ill evver be botherin you about anythin ok

GG: siiigh

GG: fine

CA: FFFFFFWW

GG: what?

CA: thats the code

GG: oh...
    
  
  
