
  
   
    
    GG: hmmm...

GG: i have seen this before

CA: howws that possible

CA: its a one of a kind wweapon plundered from an alternian ghost ship

GG: i am very sure its the same rifle included with johns present

GG: but...

GG: bigger of course

CA: probably a cheap imitation of the original

CA: uh

CA: kind of like that one there is

CA: so theres your answwer stable loops ahoy

CA: noww enjoy the utter fuckin domination it affords

GG: yes but....

GG: i did not provide the weapons!

GG: my penpal did

CA: wwhos that

GG: the guy who helps me build the present

GG: we worked on it together but he supplied the bunnys weapons

GG: im pretty sure hes from the future!

CA: wwhy

GG: because he said hes my grandson

CA: wwhat the fuck is a grandson

CA: is that some kind of pervverse human familial thing

GG: umm yes

CA: nevvermind then your procreational biologistics make my fins curl in distaste

GG: oh no!!!!!

GG: aaaaa please dont tell anyone i told you about him!

GG: augh how could i let that slip to you of all people

CA: settle dowwn jade youre radically underestimatin the amount of shit i dont givve about this

CA: ill havve you knoww this is the last time im plannin on talkin to any human

CA: i got bigger ships to sink and soon wwhen im good and ready me and my luminous fuckin science stick havve got a date wwith jack noir

CA: AND NO NOT THAT KIND OF DATE GIVVE ME A LITTLE FUCKIN CREDIT

GG: wow ok!!!!

GG: i wasnt going to say anything

CA: wwhys this matter so hush hush anywway

GG: he didnt want me to tell my friends who he really was

GG: i guess maybe he was concerned about upsetting the timeline? i dunno

CA: wwell maybe he didnt wwanna disrupt wwhatevver disgustin sequence of evvents wwas responsible for his spawwnin in the first place

GG: maybe!

GG: i have wondered about that, assuming he is right...

GG: he was so nice, and it really did feel like i was talking to family, so i really dont think he was making it up

GG: i couldnt help but try to imagine his parents...

GG: and more interestingly.......

GG: his grandfather :O

GG: i still wonder who it could be...

GG: although i guess at this point

GG: the options are pretty limited :o

CA: ok i think im startin to feel ill talkin about things makin me fathom pink wwigglers comin out a your owwn personal torso

CA: so change a fuckin subject

CA: that gun i just gavve you is somethin of a hatchright to the kid

CA: happy i could play a role in your dirty stinkin lineage

GG: like an heirloom? i guess it could be

GG: do you even have those? if you dont have parents how could you?

CA: no wwe dont knoww our direct forebears and im pretty sure any attempt to seek out or evven inquire about the supplier of your genes wwould be a fine wway to get yourself killed

CA: but wwevve got our lore and it says wwe all got indivvidual ancestors wwho contribute to most of our genes abovve and beyond wwhat the grubs slurry does

GG: ewwwwwwww

CA: oh shut up

CA: anywway a lot of us believve wwere meant to trace the footsteps of those ancestors evven though wwe can nevver knoww em

CA: and on that journey wwe can come across belongings they once had cause wwe wwere hatched to find em and finish their wwork

CA: i kinda think thats wwhy i found the gun in the first place

CA: but noww im forsakin it because fuck i just found a better destiny than my old crappy one wwhich i nevver got any appreciation for anywway

GG: hmmmm

GG: then maybe that is how this heirloom should work

CA: wwhat do you mean

GG: well i dont want to use it!

CA: aww man come on

GG: so ill just dump it outside the house with the trash

GG: and if it is fated to find my penpal one day then so be it!

CA: god damn it

CA: its like you people go out of your wway to think a howw to disrespect me

GG: maybe you should have been nicer to me!

GG: in any case i dont appreciate the spirit in which the gift was given so this is what i will do!

CA: fine fuck it wwhat do i care

CA: this has been a completely flippin useless exchange as havve they all been wwith your species

CA: and for the record

CA: evven though i said that stuff about bein fated to find my gun

CA: fate isnt real

CA: its a lot of FAKE FUCKIN HORSEFEATHERS

CA: noww go and be cleansed by the light of truth purity nonfakeness hope and abovve all SCIENCE



gardenGnostic's johnnytop exploded.
    
  
  
