
  
   
    
    -- gardenGnostic [GG] began pestering turntechGodhead [TG] --



GG: dave!!!!!!

GG: any dave out there please listen!

TG: this is a dave out there whats up

GG: dave i just saw you, and you were dead!

GG: you were in a green suit and covered in blood, oh god it was terrible :(

GG: if that was a future dave you have to make sure that doesnt happen!!!

TG: it wasnt a future dave he was from a while ago

GG: oh

GG: i am confused :o

TG: sorry you had to see that

TG: but dont worry it was just a doomed dave no big deal really

TG: i was swindled into splitting time paths along the way and that guy got the dead end of the stick

TG: ill be fine

GG: ok...

GG: i am still not sure i get that!

GG: but i guess i am relieved?

TG: yes you are go ahead and be relieved

GG: wheeeew! there i just was

TG: nice

GG: how did that poor dave die?

GG: was it jack?

TG: yeah

TG: hes pretty much the guy in charge of random teleportation murders right now

GG: D:

GG: what about your...

GG: um....

GG: oh no i dont even know if you know about this

TG: what

TG: my bro

TG: yeah jack killed him too

GG: ;_;

GG: is it something you would like to talk about

TG: not much to talk about

TG: this is some pretty serious existence threatening shit going down and some people are going to die i guess

TG: even crazy hard dudes like my bro slash weird covert biological ghost dad

GG: ghost dad???

TG: yeah roses too

TG: i thought john filled you in on the ectobiology stuff

GG: oh...

GG: yes he mentioned something about it

GG: i guess i didnt realize its full implications....

GG: but time was short when we talked!

TG: bottom line is were all related slimewise except you and me and him and rose pairways respectively

TG: makes the shipping chart pretty simple here hang on while i dig up that piece of shit karkat made

TG: where the fuck did that thing go

TG: fuck it never mind

TG: just imagine something ugly made by a jackass

GG: ugh i forgot i still have to get back to him

GG: its like a big unpleasant chore hanging over my head D:

TG: i guess

GG: anyway dave im really sorry about your bro/dad

GG: you were pretty close with him right?

TG: meh it was a pretty bizarre relationship by any standard

TG: fightin off wave after wave of face pumicing puppet ass every day

TG: always being on guard for stealth attacks in the middle of the night while getting up to go to the fucking bathroom

GG: heheh

TG: but i guess it all sorta amounted to some vague unspoken semblance of kinship

TG: if thats a thing

TG: like if honor among thieves is something then lets call it camaraderie among ironic rapping roof ninjas

TG: but thanks

GG: sure

TG: i thought about taking his sword

TG: when i was there

TG: but i couldnt

TG: couldnt really bring myself to try to pull it out it was too weird

GG: dave we have to stop him!!!!!

TG: what

GG: jack!

GG: he shouldnt get away with this

TG: you think

GG: yes

GG: why dont you stop jumping around through time like a maniac and stop being like a hundred daves all the time and come to my house so we can make a plan to kill him??

TG: well id like to

TG: but im still trapped in the chronologistics of this fuckin one man ballet

TG: there are loops outstanding and if i step out of line you get to see more bloody daves

TG: im getting pretty sick of it but i think itll be over soon

TG: then ill break out and ride linear the rest of the way i think

TG: once its time to put the end game in motion

TG: til then youre on your own for a while

GG: oh :(

TG: besides we cant beat him

TG: look what he did to bro and davesprite together

TG: im at the top of my echeladder with all the fraymotifs and i stand no chance

TG: johns even better than that even though he doesnt know it at the moment

TG: and he stands no chance either

TG: only thing we can do is hold out until the scratch

GG: what is the scratch?

TG: guess i shouldnt really say

TG: since you sort of lead the way in making that plan

GG: really??

TG: yeah well

TG: suffice to say

TG: if we cant beat him

TG: all we can really do is exile him to a place where he cant teleport back

TG: which hopefully buys us some time

TG: to try to take out his power source in a crazy suicide mission

GG: hmmmm...

GG: so was that like a hint?

GG: about what im supposed to do :D

TG: kinda

GG: well maybe im just being naive...

GG: but a crazy suicide mission does not sound like the ideal solution to me!

GG: are you suuuure we cant beat him?

GG: i dont know if we should rule it out!

TG: well

TG: youre about to do what youre about to do

TG: and im not going to tell you not to

TG: i wont do the bullshit troll thing and tell you what youre going to do and then just dare you not to

TG: while knowing damn well you will anyway

TG: so ill just say

TG: whats next is up to you

TG: and if later you want to talk about it

TG: im here

GG: ok

GG: thanks dave!
    
  
  
