
  
   
    
    -- ectoBiologist [EB] began pestering gardenGnostic [GG] --



EB: hey jade, are you there? i have a computer now.

EB: this boring guy keeps blinking at me though, and it's weird.

GG: john!!! :D

GG: wow, finally!

EB: hi!

EB: sorry i disappeared after you entered the game...

EB: but from what i have seen in the clouds, it doesn't look like you have had much trouble making progress!

GG: nope!

GG: dave was able to set up as my server player

GG: he is building up my house right now so that we can deploy some equipment up there

EB: oh, nice!

EB: dave is serving ALL the ladies, isn't he?

GG: yep!

EB: he is like a dude on butler island.

EB: i mean, a dude who happens to be one of the butlers...

EB: doing a lot of serving, to various ladies who are vacationing at this snooty resort.

EB: wait, i am fucking this up.

GG: :o

GG: thats ok, i wont tell him about it

EB: ok, good.

EB: all i am saying is, why can't i have a dave butler too?

GG: well, maybe you can.....

GG: i will try to put in a good word for you B)

EB: thank you.

EB: what is the equipment you're deploying?

GG: im not sure!

GG: something to do with cloning i guess? it serves some purpose in my quest as witch of space

GG: a nice troll named kanaya has been advising me on stuff about that

GG: have you talked to her?

EB: hmm... i don't think so. not recently anyway.

GG: you should!

GG: a bunch of trolls are not nearly as bad as i thought

GG: even karkat! he has been helping me too... sort of, hehe

EB: he has? but i thought he "hated" you!

GG: oh yeah, he said plenty of stuff like that, but i dont think he ever actually meant it

GG: flying off the handle is part is of his charm in a funny way, once you know that about him

EB: yes, this is what i have concluded about him as well.

EB: he is a pretty great guy. i am really looking forward to more of his outbursts, especially his first conversation with me, which i am to understand will be legendary.

EB: but we shouldn't tell him we said any of this, or he will be "furious"!

GG: heheheh

GG: shhhhhhhhh

EB: so what else have you been up to?

EB: we should try to catch up as much as possible!

GG: yeah!

GG: hmm what else... theres been so much going on, its been a little hard to keep track of it all!

GG: why dont you tell me what youve been up to first?

EB: oh man.

EB: you will never guess what i am doing right now.

EB: go ahead, try to guess, you will not succeed.

GG: ..............

GG: whoa :O

GG: john where did you get that nice flying car??????

EB: oh god dammit!
    
  
  
