
  
   
    
    EB: how do you know!

EB: do you have rose's crystal ball?

GG: sort of!

GG: she gave me the code, and i made a cool pair of goggles with it

EB: argh, i am surrounded by real life witches!

EB: everyone i know is turning magic, it's ridiculous.

EB: including me! i'm magic now.

GG: it certainly seems so! what with your fancy magic car

GG: and your chauffeur familiar, i guess?

EB: no, he is neither a chauffeur, nor a familiar...

EB: he is just a new friend!

EB: also, this is not a magic car, it is an ordinary car.

EB: i found it in my dad's wallet.

GG: you did???

EB: yes, i just found his wallet on the ground.

EB: but my dad was nowhere to be found. :(

GG: :(

EB: the clouds led me to the wallet though, so maybe they will keep leading me to him?

GG: hmmmmm...

GG: maybe, but hang on let me try something

EB: ok.

EB: i have seen lots of interesting things in the clouds...

EB: i guess you used to see things like that all the time, right?

GG: yes!

GG: what have you seen?

EB: wow, uh...

EB: well, lots of things that were mysterious and didn't make much sense...

EB: but also lots of things i recognized.

EB: like stuff i have done before. and also stuff i will do in the future.

EB: and things that rose and dave have been up to...

EB: and you too!

GG: :O

GG: like what, what did you seeeee?

EB: well, i saw you on your island, and saw you sleeping in a floating bed, and...

EB: i saw your pretty snow planet...

EB: and i saw you with some frogs...

EB: have you found any frogs yet?

GG: frogs?

GG: no...

EB: well, i saw you once in a neat outfit...

EB: it was kind of like you were torn from the pages of my favorite japanese mangas.

EB: and the snow was melting.

EB: and you were surrounded by frogs for some reason!

EB: heh, now it sounds like i am describing a weird dream i had about you.

GG: sure does!

EB: which i guess is sorta true?? anyway, i guess that must not have happened yet.

GG: nope! but that sounds pretty interesting

GG: i wonder why i would be surrounded by frogs?

EB: dunno! but you are a witch, remember.

EB: witches LOVE frogs.

GG: hahaha thats true!

GG: i hope i am not planning on putting them in a cauldron or anything o_o

EB: i doubt it, it looked to me like a friendly gathering.

GG: whew!

EB: oh, and one time i saw a green version of you with pointy ears, and you were crying!

EB: did that happen yet?

GG: bluh. yes :|

GG: i prototyped my dead dream self and tried to get her to fight jack

GG: but it turned out to be a BIG MISTAKE

GG: god i cant believe how dumb that idea was, she was an emotional wreck

EB: oh no!

EB: what happened? where is she now?

GG: oh, she went off to cry somewhere else... good riddance!

EB: wow jade, you really have been up to a lot!

GG: hehe i guess so

EB: and i have just been staring at these dumb clouds for hours or whatever.

EB: i even saw my own dead body in a cloud!

GG: what!!!!!
    
  
  
