
  
   
    
    EB: i know, right?

EB: /rolls eyes

EB: he is just this silly guy i met when i woke up here.

EB: he seemed to be curious about me and followed me around for a while.

EB: also, i noticed he was wearing my bedsheet.

GG: haha! what is he doing with that!

EB: i don't know, there seems to be this whole cult full of people who worship my ghost sheets.

EB: i ran into a bunch of them in a salamander village, they are all completely ridiculous.

EB: so i guess he is a member of the cult?

GG: probably!

GG: you are just going to have to deal with the fact that you are becoming a famous hero john, and people everywhere will idolize you

EB: derp! they aren't idolizing ME, it's my dumb bedsheets they love!

EB: it's so stupid.

EB: OH!

EB: also, another thing about him...

EB: he has the queen's ring!

GG: :o

GG: thats great! john you have to get that ring from him!

EB: i've tried! i asked him politely for it and everything.

EB: but he is very protective of it!

GG: hmmmmmmmmmm

GG: that is a problem!

EB: actually, i think it's ok.

EB: i think he is supposed to keep it.

GG: you do?

EB: yes. once i saw something in the clouds.

EB: it was hard to tell what was going on, but i saw him!

EB: im pretty sure it was the future, and he had the ring, and...

GG: and what?

EB: and then the cloud stopped showing me.

EB: but i am pretty sure that some day...

EB: he will have to wear it!

GG: 8O

EB: so i think i will just let him keep it.

EB: for some reason, i trust him.

GG: ok john.....

GG: i trust you

GG: so i will trust in your trust in him

EB: yeah, trust all around!

GG: im going to be a supportive piece of shit all day and fall down all this trust!

EB: how trustworthy do you even have to BE to CONFIDE in someone like that.

GG: lol

EB: anyway, i guess that's enough of that nonsense.

EB: i should keep looking for my dad!

EB: maybe if i fly around in this car with this guy beeping here, the noise will get his attention and he will find me.

GG: john, i already found your dad!
    
  
  
