
  
   
    
    EB: you did?

GG: yes i found him with my goggles almost right away!

GG: but i didnt want to interrupt you

EB: oh! well that sure is convenient!

EB: where is he?

GG: he is with roses mom

GG: they are in a castle, having some sort of tea party together

GG: they appear to be enjoying each others company!

GG: its quite adorable actually

EB: oh wow...

EB: jade, what if they get married or something???

EB: oh god, if rose became my sister too, that would wreak HAVOC on karkat's shipping diagram!

EB: as leader of this team i submit that we cannot afford to let this happen!!!!!!!!!!

EB: everyone man your battle stations!!!

GG: RED ALERT!!!!!!

EB: we have a ship to sink! arm torpedoes!!!!!!

GG: AWOOOOOOOOOOOGA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

EB: KA-PCHOOOOOOOOOOOOO. target destroyed. B)

EB: heheh, i am just joking around, of course.

GG: durrrr oh really john :p

EB: :P

GG: but really, they make a nice couple and i think it would be great if they got married!

EB: yes, i agree.

EB: even if it would make it awkward for me to marry rose.

GG: i guess so

EB: but maybe that doesn't matter? these are kind of special circumstances.

GG: yes they are pretty special

EB: i wonder if my dad and her mom would mind us getting married...

GG: i dunno

GG: who are they to stand between two youngsters in love?

EB: whoa, in love???

GG: yes john, two people must be in love in order to get married

GG: it is one of the rules!

EB: oh jeez, yeah i guess you're right.

GG: so what do you say john, are you in love with rose?

EB: um...

GG: and if not, are you prepared to fall in love with her?

EB: er.

GG: wellllll? :D

EB: argh!

EB: this line of questioning is making me flustered.

EB: all i know is, i was ordered by karkat to marry rose.

EB: i think we can both agree that it would be reckless to look at a crappy shipping diagram made by an alien, and ignore its message altogether.

GG: i didnt even know karkat made a shipping diagram...

EB: it's a thing of beauty, and it will save the human race.

GG: i will have to make him show me

EB: yes.

EB: btw, you will marry dave.

EB: 100% TRUE REALITY.

GG: <_<;

EB: it's ok though, i will not press you on your feelings for him.

EB: i already know you are totally into the strider anyway.

GG: whaaat...

EB: it's all in the diagram, jade.

EB: it's all in the diagram.

GG: i dont know about that!

GG: i clearly need to take a good hard look at this prophetic document

GG: and possibly tell karkat what an idiot he is!

EB: that you do.

EB: ok but anyway, who cares about his terrible shitty drawings and meddlesome romantic schemes!

EB: how do i find my dad!

GG: uh

GG: well, i dont actually know where he is relative to you!

GG: so i dont know if i can give you directions

EB: bluh!!!

GG: there might be some way to do that...

GG: these goggles are actually REALLY COMPLICATED!

GG: i will look into it and get back to you

GG: in the meantime, why dont you fly around and keep looking?

GG: at least now you know to look for a castle

GG: and maybe the clouds will give you some more tips!

EB: yes, that's a good idea, i'll do that.

EB: thanks for the help, jade!

GG: sure! <3

EB: i will talk to you later.

GG: later!



-- ectoBiologist [EB] ceased pestering gardenGnostic [GG] --
    
  
  
