
  
   
    
    arachnidsGrip [AG] began trolling ectoBiologist [EB]



AG: Hi John.

EB: oh, hey there, vriska.

EB: can this wait? i was about to check out this castle and see if my dad is here.

AG: Your guardians are not here!

EB: oh...

EB: dang it!

EB: do you know where they are?

AG: Yes, they are in another castle. Don't worry, you'll find them later.

EB: argh, how much later??

AG: In a while! Man, settle down.

AG: I am telling you that you will find them after a little more questing around in your awesome 8lue godhood. So why don't you relax and talk to me for a while?

EB: well...

EB: ok, i guess so.

AG: Why don't you have your hood up, 8y the way?

EB: shrug.

AG: You look gr8 with the hood up. And anyway, we should 8e showing a little pride as the only ones to make god tier, don't you think?

EB: pshhh.

EB: i don't know if it is much of a major accomplishment, honestly.

AG: John, are you mad at me?

EB: um... no?

AG: Then what's the matter?

EB: i guess i just miss my dad. i was hoping he would be here, but apparently i won't see him for another few hours or whatever?

EB: if that is what you see in the future, then i guess there's no fighting it. bluh.

AG: I still find it a little hard to understand the sentimentality you attach to these adult humans.

AG: It just seems so strange to me. 8ut hey, that's alien culture for you.

EB: yeah, i know.

EB: i guess you just have to think of them the way you think of your lusus..ses? lusi?

AG: Yeah, sort of.

AG: Except I never liked mine that much. ::::\

AG: Even after I prototyped her, things were pretty chilly 8etween us! I spent most of my adventure avoiding her. Haha.

EB: that...

EB: is too bad.

AG: John.

AG: Are you suuuuuuuure you're not mad at me?

EB: no!!!

EB: why would i be mad at you, vriska?

AG: 8ecause I tricked you into getting killed!!!!!!!!

EB: oh. right.

EB: i... actually almost forgot about that!

AG: Would it help if I said I was sorry?

EB: why would you need to apologize though?

EB: i mean, i admit i was pretty confused about it at first, seeing my dead body in the cloud and all...

EB: but in the end, you did it to help me, didn't you?

EB: really, i should probably be thanking you!

EB: uh...

EB: are you there?

AG: Yes, I am here.

AG: Sorry, I wasn't sure what to say for a moment.

AG: I am just so incredi8ly relieved you are not angry with me.

EB: heh. i really don't know what reason i would have to be angry!

EB: i mean, aside from the deception involved, but i kinda understand why you did that.

EB: and in any case, you did give me a choice.

AG: Yes, I did.

AG: I don't know, John. You'd 8e surprised how often people resent it when you try to help them!

AG: 8ut see, you really get it. That's why you're special.

EB: shruuuuuuuug!

AG: <33333333

EB: so...

EB: is that what you wanted to talk to me about?

AG: Yes.

AG: Well.

AG: Not exactly.
    
  
  
