
  
   
    
    EB: then what is it?

AG: I know how this is pro8a8ly going to sound, especially to a human.

AG: 8ut I just killed someone.

EB: you did?

EB: who was it? you mean like, a bad guy?

AG: Not exactly.

EB: oh yeah, karkat mentioned that he was in trouble, and then had to go.

EB: it made me a little worried! are you guys under attack or something?

AG: I'm not sure what his deal is. I haven't seen him in a while.

AG: 8ut we are not under attack.

AG: Not yet, at least.

EB: oh.

EB: well, then...

EB: who did you kill?

AG: He was a friend.

AG: Someone from our team.

EB: why?

AG: It's a little complicated.

EB: well, did he attack you or something?

AG: Yes.

AG: 8ut really, that's not why I killed him. He was no match for me, and I could have just incapacit8ed him or flown away or whatever.

AG: The truth is I killed him 8ecause at the time, I thought I wanted to, and sort of felt like I finally had to.

EB: uh...

EB: why did you have to?

AG: 8ecause enough was enough! You don't even know how frustr8ing it was to 8e friends with him.

AG: I used to really like him and always wanted to help him get stronger, so that he might stand a fucking chance to actually make it on our world.

AG: 8ut he was just soooooooo weak and indecisive. He wouldn't change!

AG: And when he tried to change, it was too little and too l8. Always l8. L8ey L8ey L88888888.

AG: Too l8 to kiss me.

AG: Too l8 to kill me.

AG: He couldn't do it when I really needed him to. So when I saw he was actually serious a8out trying to kill me now of all times...

AG: I just got SO AAAAAAAANGRY. I am still a 8it upset thinking a8out it.

AG: So I killed him.

AG: And I'm pretty sure he's dead for good now.

EB: wow.

EB: you're right, vriska. that does not sound good.

AG: I know!

AG: I know our races are completely different. And I really h8 the idea of you thinking worse of me 8ecause of this.

AG: 8ut I don't have anyone else to talk to a8out it!

EB: you don't?

EB: what about all of your friends?

EB: i bet karkat would listen.

EB: or what about terezi? she's pretty nice, isn't she?

AG: No no no no no no no no!

AG: I mean, yeah, they're fine. 8ut I can't talk to them!

EB: why not?

AG: For one thing, they would pro8a8ly just 8e pissed off at me for killing Tavros.

AG: And more importantly, there's no waaaaaaaay I could tell them how I really feel a8out it.

EB: well, how do you feel?

AG: Horri8le!!!!!!!!

AG: If any of my friends knew that, they would think I'm weak.

EB: oh...

EB: i guess i understand. i mean, i'm trying to, with the cultural difference and all.

AG: Do you?

EB: like, trolls are more violent and angry, right? kind of like klingons or something, which is an angry race of alien savages from a human tv show.

AG: We aren't savages, you dope!

EB: oh, i know, that's not what i meant! but i am guessing you all have to act tough to make it in your world, and have a sense of honor about fighting, and like to beat people up and stuff, right?

AG: Uh, yeah........

AG: Let's say close enough!

EB: but i think that no matter what alien culture you are from, killing is still wrong!

EB: and it sounds like you do too.

AG: Yeah, see.

AG: This is where our cultures clash, I think.

AG: It would 8e difficult to explain exactly how killing is viewed on our planet with all the nuance involved.

AG: It just isn't the 8lack and white thing humans seem to think it is!

EB: well, you could try. i am listening.

AG: On my world, I would 8e completely vindic8ed for killing him! He is far lower on the hemospectrum than me. He managed to disrespect me time and time again, 8ut I kept letting him live! In fact, the amount of slack I cut him would 8e considered scandalous 8y those in my class.

AG: I had every reason to kill him. And yet...

AG: I feel 8ad a8out it like a lame weak fudge8lood, just like he was.

AG: And the fact that I feel 8ad is why I'm sort of freaking out right now!

EB: i think if you feel bad, it just means you have a conscience. which is good, right?

AG: No. That's not how it works.

AG: I'm supposed to 8e just fine with it.

AG: This was sort of like a test, and I'm afraid I might 8e failing.

EB: how was it like a test?

AG: Well, it was the first time I killed some8ody.

EB: ok.

AG: W8! Ok, that's not really true. What I meant was, it was the first time I killed some8ody I cared a8out.

EB: so...

EB: you killed other people, that you didn't care about?

AG: Yes. Sort of a lot, actually. 8ut there was a really good reason for that!

EB: hm. how many?

EB: or... do i want to know...

AG: Oh, it doesn't matter. Pro8a8ly many thousands.

EB: uhhhhhhhh.

EB: hopy shit...

AG: God, I know how this sounds! 8ut I had to feed her. My lusus I mean. I've 8asically 8een playing this role as a slave in the food chain my whole life. It is what she selected me to do.

EB: i guess that is why you didn't get along with her?

AG: Hell yes.

EB: i see.

EB: still, that is a LOT of killing. jesus...

AG: Yeah, 8ut I never felt anything a8out it. It was just normal life for me.

EB: but then you finally killed a guy you liked, and...

EB: not so cool anymore?

AG: Yeah. OH!

AG: Ok, that's not quite right. He's the second person I cared a8out who I killed.

AG: Man, I always forget a8out her!

EB: uh.

AG: I guess she wound up getting me 8ack pretty good though, so we're even.

AG: Oh, also, TECHNICALLY I attempted to kill that same guy around the same time.

AG: 8ut I just wound up paralyzing him! Oops, hahahaha.

EB: ...

AG: 8ut man. That was sweeps ago.

AG: I think I had a really juvenile attitude a8out killing 8ack then. I think I was trying too hard?

AG: I was always really o8sessed with 8eing the 8est at stuff, and I guess I was trying to 8e precocious in that respect as well, and prove to everyone how 8rutal I could be.

AG: 8ut I was such a confused kid! I didn't know anything a8out what killing really means. I was trying to fake it, and it caused me nothing 8ut pro8lems.

EB: i guess i had no idea how different we really were.

EB: what i am hearing is seriously scaring the shit out of me!

AG: Yeah, I know. I wish we didn't have to 8e so different. I'm just trying to 8e honest with you, 8ecause like I said, I have nowhere else to go.

EB: ok, well i appreciate the honesty.

EB: so... if killing isn't exactly wrong, then what is it?

EB: what do you mean by "what killing really means"?
    
  
  
