
  
   
    
    EB: so... what about jack?

AG: What a8out him?

EB: are you still planning on killing him?

AG: Hmmmmmmmm.

EB: that would be a constructive way to use your killer troll instincts, even by human standards.

EB: it is much better than killing friends.

AG: Yeah, you're right.

AG: And to tell you the truth, part of the reason I wanted to kill him was to protect them. It's not just a8out glory you know.

AG: 8ecause if I don't do it, then who will?

EB: well, we have a plan to defeat him too, so there's that.

AG: Yes, I know a8out your plan.

AG: I guess two plans are 8etter than one, right?

EB: yeah.

EB: so...

EB: will you go fight him then?

AG: Man, I don't know anymore.

AG: It's one reason I'm freaking out a8out this. A8out feeling 8ad a8out a simple, perfectly justifia8le killing.

AG: If I can't handle that, doesn't it mean I'm not as strong as I thought? What hope do I have against Jack if that's the case?

EB: for whatever it's worth coming from a human, feeling remorse doesn't make you weak!

EB: i bet you are still really strong.

EB: but then, i'm not sure if i actually want to encourage you to go off fighting him...

EB: because as strong as you probably are, it sounds like he is REALLY strong.

EB: and even though you killed tons of people, i think i would still be pretty sad if you died.

AG: Aw. ::::)

EB: so maybe you should just let us handle it? at least we won't fight him directly.

AG: I don't know. Even though I'm conflicted, it still feels like something I have to do.

AG: I admit, I'm pretty scared thinking a8out it.

AG: Not of him necessarily, 8ut of the fact that I apparently don't know myself as well as I 8elieved.

AG: What if I'm not as lucky as I thought?

AG: What if I do not in fact have ALLLLLLLL of the luck?

EB: well, maybe you don't?

EB: all of the luck sounds like an awful lot of luck to have.

AG: Exactly!

AG: 8ut then, if there is no chance of catching a 8ad 8r8k, then taking a risk doesn't even qualify as 8r8very, does it?

AG: It isn't even a risk, 8y definition!!!!!!!!

AG: So if this is going to mean anything, I guess I just have to find the strength from somewhere to go through with it.

AG: More than just the fakey strength that comes from turning a 8lind eye to all your flaws. You know what I mean?

EB: heh.

AG: Hmm........

EB: what?
    
  
  
