
  
   
    
    AA: you are just asleep

AA: you are also blind!

TA: h0ly shit, i can't see!

AA: yes thats what being blind means

TA: w0w, awes0me! way t0 be awes0mely sympathetic t00 my terrible new pr0blem, aa.

AA: sollux will you shut up and stop being so tragic for once

AA: you knew this was going to happen! your prophecies of personal doom were practically all you ever talked about

AA: i think you were looking forward to this honestly

AA: shes right

TA: i can't believe this, it's alm0st as if i'm getting...

TA: D0UBLE TEAMED.

TA: 

TA: damn.

TA: that didn't feel right at all, i think i might have t0 retire the wh0le bifurcati0n gimmick, puns and all.

TA: actually that is kind 0f a relief, maybe y0u're right, i'm feeling better ab0ut this already.

AA: great!

AA: you should be able to relax now that youve been released from the curse of your vision twofold just like you said youd be

AA: you are now merely doomed!

TA: 0h.

TA: that's... awes0me?

AA: being d00med isnt that bad

AA: i spent m0st 0f my life that way remember

AA: at least y0u have the luxury 0f understanding

AA: and the best part ab0ut being d00med is y0u 0nly have t0 put up with it until y0u die

AA: thats the spirit hahaha

AA: actually i guess i dont have to keep talking like im doomed anymore do i

AA: nope :)

TA: this is s0 weird, what am i even listening t0 here.

TA: 0_0

TA: FUCK, i cann0t BELIEVE i just made that face.

AA: hahahahaha!

AA: hahahahaha!

TA: g0d dammit.

TA: 0h yeah, als0...

TA: why the fuck are my teeth missing?

AA: i

AA: dont know?

TA: 0k, well, great, glad we g0t t0 the fucking b0tt0m 0f that mystery.

TA: myssssssstery. mystery. mySSSSthSSSStery. mysterymysterymystery.

TA: man, i can't even lisp anym0re if i try.

TA: please d0n't laugh, i can tell y0u are b0th enj0ying this, i can smell it using my new blind guy n0se p0wers.

AA: really?

TA: n0 n0t literally, i was j0king. i mean n0t YET. maybe i'll ask tz ab0ut it when i wake up th0ugh.

TA: hey what was that n0ise?

AA: what noise?

TA: i think s0me0ne else is here.

AA: oh its jade!

TA: jade?? wtf.

AA: whos jade

AA: shes one of the humans we met after you died

AA: ok

AA: i guess i am out of the loop on chronology for once

AA: thats fine youll catch up!

GG: ummmmmm hey guys i hope im not interrupting!!!
    
  
  
