
  
   
    
    TA: well, yeah, y0u kind 0f were, s0rt 0f a reuni0n 0f cl0se departed friends g0ing 0n here, but n0 big deal i guess.

GG: oh no!

GG: i can leave

AA: no dont!

AA: sollux try to be polite

AA: there is no reason at all for you to feel hostile toward them anymore

AA: jade is very nice and she did nothing wrong

AA: none of them did so when you wake up maybe you should try to reconcile with them or at the very least just say hello

TA: did Y0U?

AA: did i what

TA: be nice t0 them 0r whatever bef0re y0u expl0ded.

AA: well no

AA: but i should have!

AA: i did with you before i left didnt i

TA: i guess s0.

GG: :o

AA: this is awkward

AA: shush you!

AA: what actually happened after i died it sounds complicated

AA: it is!

AA: ill get you up to speed i promise but guys come on lets not scare away our guest

AA: ok then ill shut up

AA: i think one aradia saying things is more than enough probably

TA: y0u can say that again heheheheheh.

TA: but i mean, d0n't say it again literally, because that's kind 0f the wh0le p0int, and w0uld c0mpletely c0ntradi...

AA: oh my god shut up!

GG: its ok! i can take another nap later when you guys arent busy...

AA: no jade its ok

AA: please stay! im curious about why you are here

GG: well...

GG: i have just been enjoying these little naps more and more lately!

GG: each time i go to sleep i meet more new people and learn so much

GG: but i still cant get karkat to take a nap, boy talk about a guy who is anti nap!

TA: ahahahah, yeah, what a d0uche!

GG: seeeeeriously!

GG: he is the douchiest of crabby crabs who ever douched a big douchey crab

TA: l0l.

GG: but yeah, its been fun, i should really thank feferi again for setting it up so we could meet like this!

TA: wait, ff is here?

GG: yup!

TA: 0h g0d, why didn't that 0ccur t0 me, where is she??

GG: ummm probably in another bubble

GG: but youll find her! maybe during your next nap...

TA: well shit, why can't i just g0 glub ar0und 0ut there in the ring and find her n0w?

TA: i mean, aside fr0m the fact that i'm blind and c0mpletely useless.

AA: navigating between bubbles is difficult here

AA: its better to drift between them naturally as they intersect

AA: not spatially but through common points in memory

AA: to navigate the furthest ring you need to have mastered the flow of time!

AA: that is why i am here

AA: i am alive again so i may assist the dead in this way

TA: huh.

AA: jade tell me

AA: have you seen me here before? i mean me dressed like i am now wearing my godhood

GG: yeah!

GG: you were really nice and helpful

TA: wait, what, y0u're wearing a g0dh00d?

TA: why didn't y0u tell me that, what gives? 0r that y0u came back t0 life??

AA: im wearing a hood and have butterfly wings what else would you like to know

TA: man, being blind is dumb, can i like gr0pe y0u 0r s0mething t0 get up t0 date 0n y0ur appearance, w0uld that be weird?

AA: yes sollux that would probably be pretty weird

GG: i think your outfit looks so cute! i love your wings too

AA: thank you your outfit is quite spiffy too

AA: i like that skirt a lot especially

AA: is

AA: is that a skirt?

GG: i am not sure :o

TA: /R0LLING MY EYES.

TA: is what i w0uld be d0ing if that were p0ssible.

AA: shhh!

TA: aa c0me 0n y0u were making a p0int.

AA: yes ok

AA: you see those encounters you had with me before have not happened for me yet because ive only just arrived

AA: time follows strange paths here as does space

AA: if you travel a great enough distance you may discover you are also traveling either backwards or forwards in time as well!

AA: just as if you stay in one place for too long the geometry of space surrounding you will become unreliable

AA: you may swat the air to your left and discover you have just slapped yourself!

AA: the only way to make sense of it is to understand either property very well

AA: and since i am new here i have some learning to do just like everyone else

AA: but i do know one thing

GG: what!

AA: i knew that the first bubble i would enter would be an important one for us to visit

TA: what's s0 imp0rtant ab0ut it?

AA: hang on

AA: we are moving on to a new memory hold that thought
    
  
  
