
  
   
    
    GG: rose please say something

GG: you are making me nervous...

TT: I should have gone looking for her.

TT: Why didn't I?

GG: umm

GG: because you were busy trying to make the best of this situation?

TT: John was too. But he went to look for his father.

TT: It would have been normal of me. I can't remember what I was trying to prove anymore.

GG: i dont think you should be so hard on yourself about it

GG: john was being john, and you were being you, which i guess meant taking our problems very seriously and putting all your attention on solving them!

GG: and anyway, you and your mom had a much trickier relationship than john and his dad didnt you?

GG: i mean, not that i am saying that means you were any less attached to her than him...

GG: argh, i dont know if im very good at consoling people. sorry rose i dont want to make you feel worse :(

TT: You're doing fine.

TT: For someone raised by a dog.

TT: Or really,

TT: Anyone.

TT: Thanks.

GG: whew, ok

GG: you know...

GG: now we have all lost guardians

GG: dave lost his, and i lost mine in a weird way... uuum even though that was pretty much definitely my fault :\

GG: and even the trolls all lost their monster guardians

GG: i think that maybe it is an inevitable part of a game that can be cruel sometimes

TT: For some reason, despite all the danger, I never thought she was in any trouble.

TT: I never believed she would actually die.

TT: I grew up with the feeling that something more significant had always been meant for her.

TT: That she was a heroine displaced in some way, resigned to the inglorious duty of raising me, and preparing me in her way.

TT: I didn't actually need the ectobiological verification that she was like a mother and a sister at the same time. I always understood that somehow.

TT: And I felt she had knowledge and ability beyond what she let on. It was always intimidating, but nonetheless a source of respect which was childishly begrudging on my part.

TT: I think she was just waiting for me to catch up with her.

TT: But now I can't.

GG: ......

GG: i am so sad

GG: rose i think you are being stronger about it than i am

TT: Probably because my emotions have now ceded to anger.

TT: This shouldn't have happened.

GG: oh

GG: well

GG: i just hope you arent thinking of doing something rash

TT: I already was.

TT: I was going to go to sleep, fly to a sun bigger than our universe, drop a bomb in it, and kill myself.

GG: yeaaah...

TT: So if my course of action is to change on account of my mood, it can only become less impetuous, don't you think?

GG: errrr, i dont know?

TT: You never liked my plan very much anyway.

GG: wellllll

GG: no!

GG: but i was trusting that you had thought it through and it was our best hope

TT: I'm not sure if I did.

TT: Maybe it was a terrible plan.

TT: I made it without a full understanding of the nature of the Scratch.

GG: hm

GG: then what will you do?

TT: I could stop being so cowardly, for once.

TT: I could short circuit this endlessly expanding game of chess we're playing, just like Jack decided to do.

GG: what does that mean!

TT: Maybe I will go kill Jack myself.

TT: Right now.

GG: oh no no no no no!

GG: rose that is a much much worse plan!!!!!

GG: he would probably kill you!

TT: Probably.

TT: But the Scratch will wipe us out anyway, and reboot the conditions of our session.

TT: I suddenly don't feel much like sneaking through the back door of the Furthest Ring for retribution by distant super nova.

GG: i know what you mean, i was angry at jack and wanted to stop him too, but we have to think of a more sensible way to do it

TT: Whether my existing plan was sensible or not,

TT: I may have been allowing myself to be manipulated by an omniscient being regardless.

GG: what? who?

Hello ladies.

GG: aaaaaaa whaaaaat?????

TT: This is a private conversation.

TT: Private even to those who know it word for word already.

Proceed.

I will be here.

Watching.

GG: rose who is this!

TT: Ignore him.

GG: i dont even know whats going on anymore

You were discussing Ms. Lalonde's intrepid new variation on suicide.

As one with a passion for the subject, I'm intrigued.

TT: Shh.

TT: Anyway, if it's true the gods have "selected" me for service, maybe the power they've given me will be sufficient.

TT: Maybe they wanted me to kill him all along.

Hee hee.

GG: SHHHHHHHHHH!

GG: please dont rose, i know you are angry but you arent thinking straight

TT: But I am.

TT: I'm fully aware I'll probably die and fail. Scratch happens, we start fresh. No recollection, no problem.

GG: nooo :(

Jade, as an ambassador of Skaia, maybe you'd be willing to talk some sense into your friend?

You should understand she's been corrupted by various entities with some rather questionable motives.

GG: rose, maybe white text guy is right?

GG: the dark gods gave you all these powers, and seem to be helping us with dream bubbles and stuff...

GG: but what if they are not actually good?

TT: They are enormous, ugly, and live in darkness.

TT: That doesn't necessarily make them bad.

GG: no...

GG: but i still dont trust them!

If only there were a way to make this determination with certainty.

Through a reliable source within reach, for instance, at this exact moment. Perhaps one that is spherical, and devastatingly handsome.

GG: whats this weirdo talking about!

TT: The cue ball.

GG: oh yeah

GG: i noticed you found it!

GG: i was worried it had been destroyed when my room blew up

GG: is he saying you can use it?

TT: Yes. And he is right.

GG: omg

GG: does it work???

TT: It advised me to talk to you just now.

TT: So I guess so.

GG: then maybe you should try it!

Yes, Rose. Listen to Jade.

She is far less manipulative than I.

TT: What are you suggesting I ask it?

GG: well

GG: since we dont know much about the gods...

GG: why dont you ask it about them?

TT: So, you're saying I should ask it if the gods are evil?

GG: i guess that is a way to put it

Even though at this point neither of you is highlighting my text to read it, this idea gets my vote.

Go ahead.

Ask, Seer.
    
  
  
