
  
   
    
    TT: Go on.

TG: i was in this dark place surrounded by this big flock of crows

TG: god this is so generically morbid

TG: im sorry in advance for exposing you to my unconscious minds retarded cliches

TT: It's ok.

TT: They wouldn't be cliches if they didn't comprise the unanimously understood bedrock of phallic symbolism, with no other viable interpretation.

TG: well obviously i knew the birds were just black screaming sky dongs just hear me out

TG: i kept dying

TG: there kept being these traps like i would go one way and get my head chopped off

TG: or go another way and get stabbed or whatever

TG: and every time i died the dream reset itself and i was standing there alive and ready to try to escape again

TG: but each time i would be watching myself from the vantage point of a different crow

TG: like i was the crow all squawking around in circles like a macabre flapping douche

TG: and i would always watch myself try to do something different to dodge the trap but i always ended up dead

TT: Hm.

TT: Well, if I've learned anything from my extensive skimming over the Wikipedia articles on dream analysis,

TT: It's that this dream is very unlikely to have any literal significance whatsoever.

TT: It's probably not about dying at all.

TG: you mean maybe its about anxiety over maintaining my blogs

TG: or that my beats might not be ill enough

TT: Yes. In fact, if you were on my couch that would have been my next question, as a licensed professional.

TT: "Mr. Strider, have you considered that what you actually dread is to have your urban rhythms exposed for what they truly are, which is, clinically speaking, just shy of 'da bomb'?"

TG: and then we crack up laughing cause we both know theyre fresher than your moms change of drawers and tighter than when shes wearin them

TT: Listening to you conjure imagery of my mother in her underpants is definitely keeping us buoyed high above this swirling Freudian hellhole.

TT: Well done.

TG: please its not like shes my mom i can visualize her choice ass all i want without it gettin much more than moderately uncomfortable for everyone involved

TT: What if you're wrong?

TG: about what

TT: Her not being your mother.

TG: uh

TT: Don't worry, you're probably safe. Luckily I can think of no literary or historical precedent for that sort of folly whatsoever.

TG: this isnt the first time youve insinuated were related what is up with that

TT: Isn't it?

TG: no

TG: i mean

TG: im not sure

TG: i feel like youve brought it up before which is kind of weird but now i dont know

TG: i think im getting this weird deja vu thing where i was sure we talked about this

TG: forget it

TT: Why don't you tell me more about your dream?

TG: ok

TG: so i kept dying and kept being crows and stuff

TG: and then i started to notice something coming from the sky

TG: it was this faint eerie singing and i look up and theres nothing there just darkness

TT: That's interesting.

TT: I've read about this.

TG: what did you read

TT: Certain texts say singing from the unknowable void carries a message.

TT: That its recipient has been selected for a mission of supreme cosmic importance, that will result in your death and that of billions more.

TT: But one that is essential to the perpetuation of existence itself.

TG: what the fuck sort of crackpot psychology text would say something like that

TT: It's not from a psychology text.

TG: so then youre consulting astrology books now

TT: Not astrology.

TT: More like,

TT: Zoology.

TG: oh my fucking god will you put that away

TT: Ok.

TT: Keep describing the dream, though.

TT: If the rest of it is incompatible with prognoses of the zoologically dubious, I will withdraw my insinuation.

TG: theres not even much more to it

TG: i looked up into the sky

TG: didnt see anyone singing

TG: but even though the sky was black i could see the sun

TG: it was bright as hell even through my shades

TG: so i flapped my wings and flew up away to it like a fucking piece of garbage

TG: and thats it

TT: This doesn't strike you as an impulse of self destruction?

TG: no

TG: not in the sense that it was a dark sacrificial zoology mission

TG: it was more like somewhere to go besides watching myself die a lot from the vantage of a feathery murder of dumb shitty birds

TT: So, if hypothetically you were to accept such a mission, or even insist upon one, it wouldn't be in the spirit of genuine sacrifice, but of escape?

TG: what the fuck are you talking about

TG: ok somethings wrong

TG: this whole conversation is falling apart this isnt how it originally went at all

TT: Aw. We were making good progress, too.

TT: Why did you have to go and remember?

TG: this happened months ago

TG: does this mean im dead
    
  
  
