
  
   
    
    TG: i remember waking up here

TG: after getting shot

TT: Yes.

TT: What else?

TG: then the cage bunny came

TG: he gave us the bomb

TG: whered he go anyway

TT: She's around.

TG: the bunnys a she

TT: Her name is Liv Tyler.

TG: dumb

TT: Take it up with John.

TT: What else?

TG: we were talking about who should go

TT: Do you remember what we decided?

TG: no

TG: wait

TG: wasnt i going to go

TG: is that what happened did i go and now im dead

TT: Not quite.

TG: whats not quite

TG: that i didnt go or that im not dead

TT: Do you remember anything else?

TG: no

TT: What about why you went to fight Jack?

TG: sure

TG: i did that

TG: because i wanted to

TG: and because i was supposed to

TT: Are you sure?

TG: yeah i saw my future self fighting him so obviously that had to happen or else id be dead anyway

TG: without even getting the satisfaction of standing up to him

TT: So was your decision a result of desire or obligation?

TG: hard to explain

TG: with all the time shit going on

TG: i dont try to understand your light shit do i

TT: I don't know much about the Light Shit, to be honest.

TT: I may have missed my chance to figure it out.

TG: havent we had this conversation already

TT: Mostly.

TT: I'm doing what I can to jog your memory.

TG: its jogging i guess

TG: its manboobs are jiggling a little

TT: Nice.

TT: So what about Jade?

TG: what

TT: You didn't tell her your expedition with her would result in your death, let alone one she'd inadvertently cause.

TT: Or that she'd be stuck with the job of resuscitating you. Did you?

TG: what am i really supposed to say

TG: hey were gonna hunt frogs til you shoot me through the jack

TG: then i die and youve got to make out with me

TG: that kind of changes how the whole thing goes doesnt it

TT: Not if you're "supposed to," right?

TG: what does that even mean

TT: I guess you're right. No reason to make an effort to empathize if doing so comes at the price of oblivion.

TG: wtf

TT: It must be comforting to have your ASPD tacitly supported by predestination.

TG: aspd

TT: Antisocial personality disorder.

TG: oh no

TG: this conversation just got bumrushed by a mudslide of fucking awful

TT: It wasn't already awful, believing you might be dead?

TG: you dont know anything

TG: about what i was feeling or what happened on lofaf

TG: you were all pavement faced and babbling your throefester speak and flipping off the shit with your own crazy deathwish thing why do you think you know what was going through my head

TG: youre just assuming and throwing around psyche buzzwords like aspd complex disorder

TT: So it's a disorder, a complex, and then a disorder again for good measure?

TG: in your case probably

TT: Sounds like a positively delirious state of existence.

TG: its some delirious biznasty alright

TT: Oh... snap?

TG: yes ima authorize a GOD DAMN you may swipe it at the door to check yourself into the burn ward

TT: Might you loosen the purse strings on an "Oh no he didn't?"

TG: nah those are kept in emergency reserve for yo mama jokes from the 90s

TG: anyway

TG: im telling you if i said anything at all about it she probably doesnt even fire her gun once and all im doing is dragging her into a doomed timeline with me

TT: I guess I'm learning to be impressed by your sense of obligation to inevitable misfortune. It's a strange case of inspiration through futility.

TG: none of this is that big a deal

TG: i just mentioned the basics to her

TG: that id stop time traveling soon

TG: break out of the loops

TG: not have to wonder all the time if i was taking a wrong turn and dooming everybody

TG: i was never that cool with this

TT: With what, exactly?

TG: you know how you turned out to be this incredibly shitty seer of light and basically failed at that in every way imaginable

TT: Hey!

TG: well maybe i never wanted to be a knight of time

TG: maybe id rather just be like

TG: the dave of guy

TG: you know just some dude

TT: These really do not sound like the words of someone ready to face his own death.

TT: The kind you don't wake up from, I mean.

TG: i guess not

TG: guess i failed my quest then

TG: so im like

TG: now what bitches

TG: to nobody in particular i guess

TT: The unseen bitches callously conspiring to expect greatness from you?

TG: yes those exact bitches

TT: If that's how you feel,

TT: Then why did you insist on going on the mission to deliver The Tumor?

TT: Black-and-whitened for giant yin-yang bomb.
    
  
  
