
  
   
    
    GT: i've missed the heck out of him.

GT: though i'm not sure why. he should be safe at home right now.

GT: i guess i must have lost track of him. but i don't remember how.

GT: all i know is i have this feeling like i should run over and give him a hug.

AG: Well, just so you know, he is pro8a8ly not actually there.

AG: Kind of like how my lusus was just a memory.

GT: are you a psychic alien? like the one who jodie foster met in contact, and assumed the form of her dead father to talk to her?

AG: As a matter of fact, yes, I am a psychic alien. 8ut that has nothing to do with this!

AG: These are our memories, and we are in the afterlife. I keep trying to tell you, and it's starting to get frustr8ing.

GT: i see. so it is not me who is jodie foster. it's more like you are jodie, because nobody believed her when she came home and had amazing tales to tell.

GT: except matthew mcconaughey.

AG: Aaaaaaaargh!

GT: but it's ok. i will be your matt mcconaughey.

AG: Does that mean you'll 8elieve me now?

GT: i guess i always did, sort of.

GT: i think i've been in denial about what's happening here.

AG: It's nice that you 8elieve me. 8ut that doesn't mean you remem8er yet.

GT: so if this isn't my dad, then where is he?

AG: He died too. You saw his 8ody. Don't you at least remem8er that?

GT: no. not at all.

GT: i am remembering a bunch of things, but not that.

AG: Then what?

AG: Do you remem8er me yet?

GT: no.

GT: i only remember when you contacted me and said you'd kill me a little earlier.

GT: but that was months ago.

GT: i do remember talking to some other trolls like you.

GT: and playing this game. it was on my 13th birthday. i was really looking forward to playing it, but it was late in the mail.

GT: i got some presents from my dad. like this big weird clown doll that i didn't like much.

GT: and some fruit gushers...

GT: oh yeah! i also realized gushers were made by betty crocker. that freaked me the fuck out!

GT: did YOU realize betty crocker makes gushers???

AG: This comes as news to me.

GT: well she does. her villainy knows no bounds.

GT: oh.

GT: he also gave me this suit, which i remember wearing for a while.

GT: but it didn't look quite like this.

GT: it had a black tie, and no ghost, so i improved it.

GT: actually...

GT: i remember dying in a suit.

AG: You do?

GT: but

GT: this was not the suit i was wearing when i died.
    
  
  
