
  
   
    
    TT: I am piloting the moon through the Furthest Ring right now.

TT: At the moment, it's passing through a dream bubble. I am visiting your dream in person.

TT: Or, you are the one visiting me as I travel, in your sleep. If you'd rather look at it that way.

TG: ok

TG: so all those questions you asked me

TG: getting me to remember

TG: you were just stalling me werent you

TG: so i wouldnt wake up and try to stop you

TT: Not entirely.

TG: this sucks

TG: could you just please turn the thing around and come back

TT: Why?

TT: I'm already out here. Might as well go through with it.

TG: we agreed id do it though

TG: or at least you pretended to agree

TG: just before going into a major league wind up with your nap yarn

TT: A major league wind up?

TG: sports

TT: It's always been pretty sad that I seem to know more about sports than you. Which is really saying something.

TG: all im saying is

TG: no one likes a basketball hog

TT: It's probably just "ball hog."

TG: i just think you should know

TG: that in the athletic arena of competitive achievement

TG: its a widely known fact that cherry picking posers get showered in nothin but boos

TG: you dont gank the rock and steal the big mans thunder on his raucus drive to the hole

TT: Oh lord.

TG: is that the sort of ignominy you want

TG: see you didnt consider sports you never consider the sports

TT: The last thing I want to do is come between a big man's thunder and any particular hole he might prize.

TG: and yet

TG: such has been whats happened

TG: it like the tight end was going long down the yard in sudden death

TG: its me im the tight end

TG: and the quarterback sniped the fieldgoal just before the nfl buzzer went off

TG: the greedy qb is you

TT: That's not even close to being a thing in football.

TG: but instead of winning the gold sports prize you just fucking die and nobody cares and it didnt mean anything

TT: Which prize is that?

TG: the football prize

TT: You mean the most vaunted accolade associated with the gridiron, known as "Stanley's Cup?"

TG: no come on

TG: its called the bruce bombardi trophy or something

TG: for best pile squad

TT: I'll take your word for it.

TG: and even though youre dead all these fat millionaires in helmets just leap on your corpse anyway and pile up and i mean WAY up

TT: How high do they even have to be?

TG: the sport pile doesnt stop from getting taller

TT: Does the officiator have a means of measurement on hand?

TT: I wouldn't want to be crushed by a nonregulation sport pile.

TG: what do you care youll be dead like the mission thieving poser you are

TT: Poser?

TT: So not cool.

TG: yes poser it should be my torso getting pulverized by that avalanche of overpaid beefcakes and you know it

TT: I forget what we were doing exactly.

TT: Were we pursuing the hackneyed debate over who has the best claim to self sacrifice,

TT: Or seeing who can out-dumbass the other with obtuse sports lingo?

TG: there obviously stopped being a difference between those things the question is offensive

TG: almost as offensive as you stalling me while you peel out of here in your dumb moon

TT: I'm the one stalling?

TT: The moon is probably just a speck in the sky now due to your strange beefcake harangue.

TG: yeah but i dont know how to wake back up is the thing

TG: how do i wake back up

TT: I guess I could wake back you up, if you really want.
    
  
  
