
  
   
    
    golgothasTerror [GT] began bothering gutsyGumshoe [GG] at 11:05 



GT: Jane!

GT: Forgive my botherations. I know this is meant to be a spanking ripsnorter of a day for you and all.

GT: But do you happen to know where the devilfucking dickens mr strider might be?

GG: Oh, that's fine!

GG: I had been meaning to message you sooner actually, but I suppose in all the hubbub today, it plumb slipped my mind.

GG: Which is a shocking fact on its lonesome, considering what I have to tell you!

GT: Egad...

GT: *Loosens collar a bit.*

GG: As for this Strider business, hrmmm. He's an elusive guy Jake. You know that.

GG: I talked to him yesterday. That's as much help as I can be!

GT: Shoot.

GT: I really need to ask him something but hes got his blasted auto responder turned on.

GG: Hoo hoo.

GG: I love that thing. :B

GT: He wouldnt be pleased to hear you say that.

GG: What do you need with him?

GG: Does this have to do with your crazy pen pal project?

GT: It most certainly does and time is of the essence!

GT: Today is the day i have to finish it and send it. Not a day later!

GT: So you see why i am feeling really friggin discombobulated at the moment.

GG: Sorry, J. :(

GG: This would be the birthday present... for your grandmother?

GT: No!

GT: It is for your grandfather simply to be *relayed* to him by my grandmother. A joint gift to him from she and i.

GG: Her and me.

GT: What? Who and you now?

GG: "A joint gift from her and me." Grammar, Jake!

GT: Oh for frigs flipping sake jane this is no time for your prudish pedantry! Leave your bookish malarkey in a dusty old library somewhere. I have an adventure to get on with!

GG: So if I have this straight, the big thing hogging up your plate today is not this marvelous new game which I have invited you to play with me, but finishing a robotic rabbit to give to my dead poppop?

GT: Bingo. *double pistols and a wink*

GG: You are a very strange and silly boy.

GT: Please jane we have addressed this.

GT: I am sending the gift back in time to when they are both alive and about our age.

GT: Or...

GT: Something like that. Something funny is going on here that i have not fully grappled yet but dag nab it if im not gonna see it through.

GG: Well,

GG: Godspeed, then! I do hope you can pull it off.

GT: Are you being fresh with me now?

GG: No!!

GT: Look jane i know youve never believed me and you think everything i say is some big cockamamie goofoff but i think today of all days is when you should start taking some things more seriously.

GT: Especially since i have always had your back. I have always believed in you!

GG: Hey! I have believed in you too.

GG: However, believing somebody isn't the same thing as believing IN somebody.

GG: But that much said...

GG: I think that maybe I am getting ready to believe some of the wild stories I've heard?

GG: Or, if not believe outright, reserve judgment on, at least.

GT: Is that so!

GG: I don't know!

GG: I'm still not sure what to think. But what I wanted to tell you this morning was...

GG: I had a really wild dream last night.

GG: And you were in it.

GT: Oh my. *glasses fog up. fumbles for kerchief.*

GG: Sh! Not like that.

GG: It was so real! I think we were in the game, even though we haven't started playing yet.

GG: I don't know what to make of it. Whether it was a vision of the future, or somewhere that exists now, or if it was just a really lucid dream due to excitement.

GT: What was i doing there?

GG: Um...

GG: Not a heck of a lot!

GG: I really want to tell you all about it, but it will take some time to explain, and we both have things to attend to.

GG: You with your time traveling rabbitwork, and I, my vigilant window gazing!

GT: Too true.

GT: Let us reconvene later and sort out all this shit at a leisurely pace.

GG: Yes, ok, good luck Jake!

GT: Okay you too jane! Bye!

golgothasTerror [GT] ceased bothering gutsyGumshoe [GG]
    
  
  
