
  
   
    
    tipsyGnostalgic [TG] began bothering gutsyGumshoe [GG] at 11:24 



TG: jane

TG: hey

TG: jaaaney

TG: ansrew plz

TG: *answer

TG: jaaaaaaaaaane

GG: Omg.

GG: Overreact much? I kept you waiting for all of two seconds!

GG: Where have you been today?

TG: nowhere just chilling here

TG: when all of the sudden

GG: "All of a sudden."

TG: when all of the sudden

TG: it hits me

TG: thaf we have somethig really fuckin important to talk about

GG: This hit you just now? We made plans to get in touch early this morning, and I have seen neither hide nor hair of you all day.

TG: it hits me that

TG: jakes bday is coming up really soon

TG: just a few days before mine remembr

TG: or i guess it would be if it wasnt for the end of the world thats about to happen

GG: Oh, for Pete's sake.

TG: i just wanted your advice on what to get him

TG: something sentimental i guess? but i mean im mostly tapped out of precious heirlooms atm so idk

TG: but not like anything coming on too strong

TG: something that says

TG: this is totes platonic and everything

TG: no eyebrow raising funnybiz is goin on over here

TG: but still says you know

TG: call me

TG: if you wanna

GG: Grrr.

GG: Now I know you're joking around to get my goat.

TG: ahaha

TG: yeah

TG: the goat getting thing i mean

TG: but joking oh no i think not

TG: u dont think that if i didnt say he was off limits on account of you being my best friend

TG: i wouldnt be all the hell over that????

TG: daaaaamn

TG: that rugged senseof adventure

TG: the delightful silly vernacular thats like

TG: weirdly and bewitchingly not self aware

TG: those adorbable teeth

TG: swoooooooooon <3

GG: Nooooo, stop. :(

TG: well shit jane

TG: what am i even supposed to do

TG: i cant hit on anybody and appaprently i can entertain nary a frisky THOUGHT about anyboby because apparentley evrybodies OFF LIMITS!!!!!

TG: *buncha goddamn typos

TG: shit suuucks

TG: you dont even let me say your dad is hot even though we both know he way the fuck is i mean come one

TG: *one

TG: *on

GG: Yeah. Because it's weird!

GG: And you're drunk. :P

TG: correction

TG: drinking

TG: prensent tense

TG: grammar jane

GG: I don't see why you don't try to court the favor of Mr. Strider. If you ask me, he and you are perfect for each other.

TG: oh jane

TG: so naive

TG: soooo niaev

GG: Lordy.

GG: How can you be this fargone so early?

GG: It isn't even noon yet.

TG: you forget we live in very different time zones

TG: its a lot later here

GG: You're three hours ahead of me!

TG: youd would be amazed

TG: how much can happen

TG: in 3 hours

GG: Tsk. What would your mother have to say if she caught you?

TG: p sure she wouldnt give a shit

TG: i mean

TG: shes the one who stocked thegod damn liquor cabinets in the firts place

TG: i dont even think she ever had a drop in her life probably

TG: so why else is she puttin it there it was like

TG: a passive aggrassive dare for me

TG: *aggressive

TG: jut the sort of mind game she would play

GG: So even if your insane and paranoid theory happens to be true, your response is, "Screw it! Time to help myself to all this mind game booze."

TG: yuuuuuuuuuuuup

TG: pppp mcuh

GG: Groan. You are completely impossible like this.

GG: I cannot believe you chose to do this today of all days. I should have known better!

GG: Here I am waking up bright and early, waiting all day with my nose pressed against this glass for the mail to come and wondering if you'll ever log on, and all the while you are just getting blind stinking schnocker-bottomed drunk.

TG: watcha waiting for

TG: in the mail

TG: is something happening today or something

GG: &%#$@!!!

GG: The alpha!

GG: Jeez-Louise, you are hopeless.

TG: oh yeah

TG: that thing

GG: Are you at all ready to play if it comes?

TG: i guess

TG: but

TG: you sure you even want to play this thing

TG: u know its just what the batterwitch wants you to do

GG: Not this again.

TG: if you want to go ahead and be a chump jane its ur call im just saying

TG: i know what a chump looks like

TG: and you dont look like no chump i ever saw

TG: if you go thru with this ill have to add your porfile to my chump roll

TG: which is like this real actual thing i maintain

TG: intsead of being a joke

TG: is that waht you want

TG: *want

GG: The "Batterwitch" DOES NOT EXIST!

GG: It is an idiotic urban legend.

GG: How many times have I explained this? My great, great grandmother who founded the company and is accused of holding this identity would have to be almost two hundred years old if she were still alive today. The idea is such preposterous hogwash it's hardly worth dignifying with a rational response.

GG: The iconic face of the company isn't even a real person! She was fabricated long ago during the company's fledgling years.

TG: right

TG: as

TG: you know

TG: an alter ego

TG: for somethig more sinister

GG: Such cuckoobird nonsense.

GG: In any case, I don't understand the nature of this second guessing, besides chalking it up to your unwelcome inebriation.

GG: We had agreed you would play with me. You sounded excited about it!

GG: Have you even obtained your copy yet??

TG: um

TG: heh

TG: yes "obtianed"

TG: suuure did

GG: Through your various technologically crypotgraphic means, I presume?

TG: oh you bet

TG: hacked the SHIT out of those TIGHT mainframes and all

TG: said jackpot like

TG: a BUNCH of times

TG: all those

TG: cyhpers and bobbytraps

TG: backdoor trojans and what not

TG: were no match

TG: 4 mai codez

TG: snicker

GG: :|

GG: I am quizzically narrowing my eyes trying to solve the joke you are attempting, assuming it even is one.

TG: ok jane what im saying is that

TG: in the parlance of baking cause i know that is what gets you off

TG: is that

TG: it was a fuckin cakewake

TG: **cakewalk

GG: Oh.

TG: like by wich i mean not to say hur hur im hottest shit haxxor bitch you ever knew

TG: as deadlay to the corporate grid ass she is beatuiful

TG: which i AM but

TG: what i mean is shit wasnt even guarded

TG: it was just

TG: some files

TG: that were there

TG: unsecured

TG: and i took them

TG: jacked them right offa that intraweb telematrice

TG: then applied lipstick

TG: femme fatale style

TG: and was like shit yes i ALL KINDS of know how to use my web browser to download serveral files

GG: Really?

TG: yeah

TG: so now

TG: i got it

TG: if u really wanna play

TG: which you shouldnt

GG: Hrm. That is a bit puzzling. I thought this software was highly proprietary.

TG: i told you

TG: she wants you to play

TG: wants us all to

TG: part of her BIG PLANS

TG: and ur playing right into em

TG: like

TG: a

TG: chhhhhhhhhhhhh....

GG: Ump, yes, I know. You've made yourself clear.

GG: But what doesn't add up about your story is,

GG: I believe SOMEBODY doesn't want me to play.

GG: How else do you explain the recent attempts on my life?

TG: dunno

TG: someone out their wants the stock price to take a hit?

GG: "there"

TG: orrrr

TG: its just more connivings of the witch

GG: So this hypothetical monstrosity wants me to succeed, but also wants me to die?

GG: Makes a lot of sense!

TG: wouldnt put it past her

TG: makes you feel perpsecuted

TG: redoubles your determination to play

TG: u advance her plans in whatever incomprehensible way

TG: until suddenly you did evrything she needed you to

TG: at which point you become craaaaazy expendable yo

TG: and then

TG: she expends you

TG: like a wad of boondollars on shitty bc merch

GG: I see. This is sounding less like a crackpot conspiracy theory by the minute!

TG: w/e alls im saying is a bunch of stuff thats def true to the max

TG: ill send this file to you tho and what you do wiht its up to you

TG: so you want it now or what

GG: Hm. It's tempting, and I'm curious as heck to play it.

GG: But the mail should be coming any minute! I've waited this long for it, so I might as well use the official discs addressed to me.

GG: When it comes, I do hope you'll change your tune.

GG: Not to mention brew yourself a pot of coffee and sober your drunk butt up.

TG: my drunk butts tune will stay as unchanged as it will remain un not drunk

TG: makr my barley corerent words

GG: Hoo hoo! Ok, fair enough.

GG: But I believe that when we start playing together, you'll come around.

GG: Personally, I can hardly contain my excitement over it.

GG: If years ago someone told me, which incidentally someone DID, that today I would have an exclusive opportunity to play what is absolutely the most cutting edge immersive simulation game ever released, developed by a company which has already done so much for the advancement of humanity, I would have said, "Shucks, buster, sign me up!"

TG: jane

GG: Yes?

TG: jaaaane

GG: What!

TG: jane

TG: did u know

TG: that i am uttrely

TG: IN LOVE

TG: with the fact that

TG: i have a best friend

TG: who says things

TG: like

TG: shucks buster

GG: Shoosh you, drunky! :B

GG: Oh...

GG: Oh! Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh...

TG: wtf

GG: The thing.

GG: The flappy thing!
    
  
  
