
  
   
    
    golgothasTerror [GT] began pestering timaeusTestified [TT] at 5:57 



GT: Bro.

GT: Ahem.

GT: Are you there?

GT: I hate to be a pest about this and i know ive made a hearty trouble of myself a good deal lately...

TT: State your business, Jake.

GT: I should preface this request with an overture of appreciation.

GT: For how much your cool and brotherly friendship means to me.

GT: It has just been...

GT: Absolutely *bully* having a standup gent like you in my corner.

GT: Just a grade a dude whos a cut above the others in class and camaraderie.

GT: Phew... *gropes for fresh kerchief.*

GT: I hope this shit isnt coming across as platitudinous. I really mean it!

TT: Take it easy, bromide.

TT: Just about the only way I could salvage endearment from this perilous slope of horseshit would be to discover, really fucking soon mind you, it was a preamble to some floundering invitation for me to rush to your vicinity as nakedly as possible.

TT: But since we've already shot that wad's eventuality on so many dry runs of flustered ambivalence that were as hilarious as they were one sided,

TT: That leaves only one hope for this message to avoid spiraling toward qualification as a critical fucking defect in the hull of the Mach 10 rocket that is my precious spare time.

TT: And that hope lies in the extent to which you were practicing artful insincerity.

TT: Now's your opportunity to pretend that's what you were gunning for. I suggest you seize it.

GT: I...

GT: Oh. Yes! But of course.

GT: The ironies!

GT: Good grief how i was bandying them just now. You know me dude.

GT: *Blows smoke off red hot irony pistol.*

GT: *NONSUGGESTIVELY!!!!!*

GT: Um.

GT: Yeah.

TT: Ok, nice.

TT: Now that your obsequious preface has been established as indisputably entertaining for all the right reasons, and intentionally so,

TT: Let's bear down on these dire as shit needs you've got.

TT: I'm guessing you're probably jonesing for uranium about now. No?

GT: Pshaw! As if i would be so reckless with the stuff.

GT: I would have to be mighty irresponsible to run out already.

GT: No no im all set in the uranium department and really when you take a look at the big picture youll find i am *sitting pretty* when it comes to just about any radioactive isotope you could mention.

GT: However...

GT: My backup reserves that i keep strictly for emergencies are running a little lean!

GT: You know what my grandma taught me about preparedness. *Tugs at colorful lapels.*

TT: You are out of uranium.

TT: It's basically mathematically impossible that's not why you're contacting me.

GT: Christ what an insufferable awesome friend you are.

GT: Ok can you please just sendificate me some more already?? Im in kind of a hurry!

TT: You do know my offer still stands.

GT: What?

TT: You know. I've offered to construct the rabbit for you many times before. I would craft a much deadlier model.

GT: Oh i know you would its just...

GT: Damn it man ive told you this is just something i have to do myself.

GT: Its a promise i made to jade and im going to live up to it even if im not the best or even second best robosmith i know!

TT: Yeah, I know this is your policy. You've done a good job and you should be proud.

TT: But it's my responsibility as your friend to offer one last time.

TT: Just as it's my responsibility not to just fork over a bunch of uranium just because you ask me in a moment of weakness.

GT: Frig!!!!!

GT: Why not???

TT: It's too easy.

TT: And you yourself are the one staking pride in this.

TT: If you were half-assing this project and made some slovenly plea for it, I'd just say, fuck it, here's a lot of green rocks dude, go nuts.

GT: Ok then! Im halfassing it!

GT: Look. See? Only a bisected bottom is present! Where is the other half you ask?

GT: Why... it is nowhere to be found. I didnt use it!

TT: Nope. Not buying it.

TT: I know that every ounce of your premium behind can be accounted for in that rabbit, and there's no goddamned denying it.

TT: And you know perfectly well where some more uranium can be located.

GT: Jesus christmas you are such a fucking douche.

TT: It seems you think I am a fucking douche.

TT: That's your opinion, I guess. That's cool.

GT: I knew you were going to suggest this. I dont know why i bothered asking!

GT: Strider why must you always be such an obstinate stick in the mud???

TT: It seems that you consider me to be, no less than one hundred percent of the time, an obstinate stick in the mud.

TT: I unironically respect your position on this matter. Hey, let's continue to exchange ideas.

GT: Wait...

GT: "It seems"??

TT: What?

GT: Oh for fucks sake.

TT: Is something the matter, Jake?

GT: This is your auto responder.
    
  
  
