
  
   
    
    TT: Look at that statement you just made.

TT: It's time for me to respond with some words, ideally chosen and arranged in a way that will wreck your shit, in a subtle and psychologically devastating way.

GT: Har har har!

GT: Just soooo "*irooooonic*!!!" Quotes quotes quotes.

GT: Im laughing my caboose STRAIGHT OFF THE TRACKS! A lot of families just died in the tragic derailment.

TT: Ok, the caboose remark was actually pretty funny, Jake.

TT: If I truly were what you say I am, I wouldn't be able to feel the human emotions of joy and laughter. No?

GT: Laughter isnt an emotion dickprince!

TT: I think you should back your claims up with proof before you go heaving around such accusations.

GT: Man its so flipping obvious.

GT: You start getting kind of extra technical and vague and automoton like.

GT: And kind of aloof and brusque.

GT: I mean...

GT: Even aloofier and brusquier than usual!

GT: Also you use the phrase "it seems" a lot. Its so silly it really blows the AI immersion man.

TT: Bullshit.

TT: I'm being like, the perfect dude right now. A fully fucking legitimate human being.

GT: Ok then check this out mr legit human dude.

GT: Excuse me sir not to be a bother but could you please tell me all about this strider fellows auto responder?

TT: It seems you have asked about DS's chat client auto-responder. This is an application designed to simulate DS's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 96% indistinguishable from DS's native neurological responses, based on some statistical analysis I basically just pulled out of my ass right now.

GT: You see!

TT: What if I was just fucking with you there?

TT: Would it really be so unthinkable for a human to type that?

GT: Because you always say shit like that after i catch wise to your games.

GT: You as in the auto responder!!!

TT: Unimpressed.

TT: Logical fallacies are as pervasive throughout your argument as your antiquated verbal tics.

GT: Oh yeah?

GT: Hey. Tell me about the auto responder. Make it snappy shitknickers!

TT: It seems you have asked about DS's chat client auto-responder. This is an application designed to simulate DS's otherwise inimitably rad typing style, tone, cadence, personality, and substance of retort while he is away from the computer. The algorithms are guaranteed to be 93% indistinguishable from DS's native neurological responses, based on some statistical analysis I basically just pulled out of my ass right now.

GT: Gee dude you sure typed that exact same thing pretty fast.

GT: Are you still fucking with me??

TT: It could be a coincidence that I typed the same answer.

GT: You always type that answer!!!!!

TT: It could be a coincidence that I always type the same answer.

GT: Uuuuuuugh.

GT: I cant stand this. Every time we do this and i just wind up whistling sweet dixie out of my bum hole!

GT: This is pointless im not having this conversation unless its with my REAL LIFE FRIEND. THE ONE WITH HUMAN FEELINGS WHO ISNT A PRETEND PERSON INSIDE SUNGLASSES.

TT: Ok, but I'm pretty sure he's going to share my position on the matter.

golgothasTerror [GT] ceased pestering timaeusTestified [TT]
    
  
  
