
  
   
    
    tipsyGnostalgic [TG] began pestering golgothasTerror [GT] at 6:53



TG: holy shit jaaaje

TG: lol *k

GT: Heh heh.

GT: Howdy!

GT: What is all this commotion about?

TG: nothin

TG: just your basic run o the mill holy shit

TG: and also

TG: hi

GT: Ah ok then. Hello it is!

TG: also

TG: want 2 know

TG: what do you want for ur wigglin day

GT: Im not really abreast of the raddest jargon that the cool kids toss about these days.

GT: Maybe because i live alone on an island? I dont know but in any case are you referring to my upcoming birthday?

TG: ys

GT: I see. Very thoughtful of you to consider so early!

GT: I dont wager i could advise with much specificity but i can all but assure you i will find any gesture of yours to be totally capital!

TG: eeaauuuuurghh you are so fuckin adorable

GT: Um... *wrings at kerchief with perspiring mitts*

TG: YOINK nabs kerfief an stops RPing for rest of chat

TG: i was only bringing it up so much in advance because

TG: of the end of the world about to happen and all

TG: and then

TG: i wouldnt get the chance

TG: unless we play this game like a bunch ofsuckers obviously

TG: and all meet up in there and everything

TG: which would toytes kick ass

TG: *totes

TG: but

TG: if you want 2 know what i think..........

GT: Yes?

TG: do ya?

GT: I do want to know what you think!

GT: I always want to know. Because you are always smart and sassy.

TG: best dude ^^^

TG: neway

TG: i really dont think we should

GT: Should what now?

TG: play the game

GT: Why not?

TG: the barnoness wants us to

TG: * baroness

TG: i dont know why

TG: everything i know about it says it should be a good game and real important and itll let us all get togehter and do somethin great and be besf friends for maybe eternity?

TG: but she took all that and twisted it somehow

TG: all i know is shes banking on us doing this and if she needs us to do this than its got to be to make somethin fucking hoorible happen

TG: * horbible

TG: * whore bible

TG: ^ bullseye

GT: Well...

GT: Whore bibles notwithstanding i have it on terrific authority that playing this game will be incredibly important!

GT: So perhaps youre right maybe we are part of her evil plan? But does that also necessarily rule out that good will come of it?

TG: i guess not

TG: i just have a bad feelin

TG: maybay im just like this nutty ass bitsh twirling yarn from a shitwizards nappy brown beard but i cant bring myself to trust a cake sellin genocidal alien overlard sea queen

TG: * overl...

TG: n/m that santence chx out

GT: Agreed. :D

TG: so what is the itinerary again

GT: Intinerwhosit?

TG: regarding the game

TG: whosplaying in what order etc

GT: Oh. Is there such an itinerary?

TG: yeah i think so i think its going like

TG: i start with jane and bring her in the session

TG: then ds brings me in and you bring him in and them jane does you and closes the loop

GT: Where are you getting this intel? Did you guys make a plan or something?

TG: nah dont wory about it

TG: do you want me to set u up w the files now

GT: Ooh, these illicit hacked warez which i heartell were recently jimmied piping hot off the interclouds?

TG: ahahah i love that you were barely even joking with that statement bup yeah basically

GT: The silicon pickpocket strikes again!!! Whom is the wiser? Nobody.

TG: ffffffffff <3

TG: k ill send it but

GT: Yeah?

TG: jake

GT: What?

TG: jjjjjaaake

GT: !!!!!?

TG: youre wearin one of ur dumb computers now arent you

GT: Uh...

TG: you are all thinktyping at me right now while wearing something rudiculous

TG: * RUDEdiculous (hi five 2 self)

GT: Hogswallop! Why would you even think that?

GT: Thats so stupid.
    
  
  
