
  
   
    
    TG: im not letting either of you run this file on your shitty brainwashy propaganda helmets or anything else u got to wear to run

TG: tis my one condition

GT: Fair enough. When i get back from my errand ill situate myself at the trusty old husktop. Acceptable?

TG: ys

GT: Then you have decided to play in spite of your reservations?

TG: i dunno i guess

GT: Bravo!

TG: dont all bravo @ me man youre just bravoing a big ass shrug

TG: i mean maybe

TG: i have every reason to want to play it

TG: im actually dying to play it ok

TG: i mean

TG: you believe me right

TG: about the bad shit that could hapen

GT: Of course i do.

GT: What sort of friend would i be if not?

TG: ok well

TG: dont say that to jabe

TG: *n

GT: She has her ways. I believe they are not incongruous with those of an intelligent and discerning young woman.

TG: ahh CHRIST waht a geneltman

TG: *fixfix

TG: i mean god daaaaaaaaamn

GT:  Heh. I guess.

TG: but thats the thing with you

TG: you belvieve in people and also the things they tell you

TG: jane never believed my crap

TG: never any of my warnings about the baroness

TG: didnt believe any of the stuff about my mom

TG: and so on and so on and soon

TG: til after awhile i just stopped even trying to convince her hard or bring up any crazy shit

TG: because u know doing a lot of songs and dances to convince somebody who thinks youre jush shitting them all the time kind of wears on a friendship

TG: and who even needs that

TG: but you believe in stuff

TG: probbly because the more crazy fake shit you believe in the more open the world gets and the more chance there is for adventures being real right

GT: Right o! If a man believes hard enough in imaginary things then i dare say that makes them slightly less fake!

TG: yeah

TG: exaxly what im talkin about

TG: *exsexily *wonk

TG: *wink

TG: its one of those things jane likes about u so much

GT: It is?

TG: which

TG: errrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr im not supposed to talk about 2 u evr so nm

GT: Talk about what?

TG: nope

GT: You mean how um...

GT: Well a way in which i suppose...

TG: no nope

GT: Jane is prone to looking upon me with what i fathom to be more than just friendly affection?

TG: nope nope nope nope nope nope

TG: hey look who didnt say nothin about that why it is this silly fuckin drunk girl over here

GT: Its a tricky issue. And you know i adore jane and please dont think i havent given some thought to...

GT: Well that angle on our relationship i guess.

TG: ooof jake jake no please

TG: this is a conversation that cant happen cause i started it and i blew it by saying stuff so u have to foroget it

TG: * 4get it

GT: Oh. Yeah i can see the dilemma this causes for your friendship with her.

GT: Ill drop it.

TG: whew

TG: ok ont this topic

TG: i am now an forever

TG: miss zupperlips

TG: * zupperlups

TG: * ziperlups

TG: sjkhfskjf

TG: * MISS ZUIPPERPIPS

TG: fuck

TG: k this is me 4 futref

TG: ZIIIIIIIP

TG: ^+++++++^

GT: Haha oh my.

GT: Nothing is escaping that lovely ladys whistlemaker! Its shut tight as a drum!!

TG: mmmmrrmmmnnmmm

GT: Whoa wait i hope that didnt sound dirty...

TG: mrrmmrmmnnnmnmnmnmrnrmrnmmmm!!!!!!

GT: Ok but may i say this?

TG: mrm?

GT: If in the future i would like to bring up certain topics completely unsolicited by one who may be sworn to secrecy on those very matters...

GT: And im in need of i guess neutral and totally non compromising advice from a friend do you think that miss zuipperpips might unseal those scandalous metal choppers for a bit?

GT: Fuck that also sounded kinda dirty!!! God dammit.

TG: rm

TG: unzip yeah of course

TG: im totals your bee eff effsy jake

TG: i am like

TG: AT PEACE with that reality fromerly known as a raw fuckin deal for what avenues it closes betewen u and i that bein your bffsy has got to mean but yeah

GT: Wait what?

TG: i am just chill as fuck about being a pale friend to all varieties of cute and eligible as hell peeps

TG: do you see my shoulder and how it says hey friend plz deposit tears here?

TG: that is a LEGIT invite and is like sincere as fuckin BANANAS

GT: Oh. Im sure it is but i dunno how much crying im going to be doing...

GT: Probably none i think.

TG: no i know im just saying

TG: that

TG: ok im now spinning my wheels like a motherfucker but yeah the answer is yes

GT: Great!

TG: and not that im back pebbling but what about your best bro

TG: dont you get 2 talkin to him about girl troubles ever

GT: Yeaaaah...

GT: Well.

GT: Like i said the whole thing is complicated. Best not to get into it all until im ready to you know...

GT: Really start manhandling these bushel loads of prickly pears.

TG: prinkly pears

GT: The pears being the tricky subjects in question.

GT: Metaphorically.

TG: riiiight

TG: snickrz

TG: poor jake

TG: up to his neck in

TG: all the wopes

TG: * woes

GT: Nah its cool.

TG: speaking of which

TG: i heard hes making u track down his roboself

TG: to kill it or something for uranimum

GT: Sigh...

TG: and

TG: the AR disabled the novice setting???

GT: Yes.

TG: hahahahahahhahahahshshshjsjsj

TG: *hahaha

TG: u r so fucked

GT: Oh most certainly.

GT: I was actually just getting all of my final affairs in order when you messaged me.

GT: I was to bequeath to you all my WAB posters.

TG: wab wut

GT: Weekend at bernies dammit!!!!!!

TG: oh fuck yeay

TG: im always in need of something to put under my cats shit box

GT: :(

TG: ok tell you what

TG: as an early wigglin day thing u know what ill do

GT: I still dont really get the wiggling thing but no what?

TG: ill enable the brobots novice setting again for you

GT: Wow...

GT: Thanks i think???

TG: but that dont count as the whole thing ill think of something better too

TG: 4 now peace o jake & gl on your robroquest heheheh

tipsyGnostalgic [TG] ceased pestering golgothasTerror [GT]
    
  
  
