
  
   
    
    gutsyGumshoe [GG] began bothering tipsyGnostalgic [TG] at 1:11



GG: Heyyy.

GG: Ahem.

GG: Ro-Lal?

TG: oopos sry

TG: was havin important chats

GG: Oh?

GG: With whom?

TG: w yet anather ineligible fuckin bachelor who elfe i have to talk 2

GG: Yeah.

GG: Um... which one, precisely?

TG: di stri

TG: insmufferable prick mf'r extroariadinnere

TG: *lol wow

TG: *extradinner

TG: *heheh yum

GG: If the chats and surplus dinners were truly important, I wouldn't want to interrupt.

TG: tchhhh

TG: of course not jus the usual bs

TG: chats with u always get precedance anyways

TG: unless this is more of u givin me shit about not believing me on all my sick tru facts

GG: Actually,

GG: That's what I wanted to talk to you about.

TG: i c

TG: go on..........

GG: You see, I was just the target of another assassination attempt.

TG: @@@

TG: fuck*!!!

GG: Two, in fact! One here in the real world, as I attempted to retrieve the mail.

GG: Luckily it was thwarted by a certain cat who shall remain nameless.

TG: hehehe oh man

TG: god cat

TG: bbf

TG: *good

TG: *bff

TG: *no wait

TG: *god wuz right

TG: fuckit

TG: *both spellins r true

GG: But in the process of being rescued from the explosion, I was knocked unconscious.

GG: And in my dream, there was another assassination attempt.

GG: This one I believe was successful!

TG: uhoh

GG: I'm becoming convinced that our "dream selves" are being picked off by violent hooligans.

TG: shit

TG: hooliginas

TG: * ...

TG: * yes

TG: but i think u mean

TG: batterwitch thugs

GG: Perhaps.

GG: The one who accosted me was a knife-wielding lunatic.

GG: And it's reasonable to deduce the same forces were responsible for Jake's death on Prospit as well.

GG: It looks like we are in the clutches of an actual caper. A real life mystery!

GG: Which under different circumstances would be quite exciting.

GG: But the truth is, I think we are all in great danger!

TG: well fuck

TG: i guess its time to take this shit up to RED ALART

TG: to where its been for like fuckin ever jane

GG: Yeah, yeah. :p

GG: But that wasn't all there was to the dream.

GG: Shortly before I was stabbed, I had a rather long gander at Skaia.

TG: a gander u say

GG: Yes.

TG: how good a gander

GG: I would say a pretty substantial gander.

TG: ok

TG: and during this totaly massive gander u snagged

TG: what did you see

GG: I saw things in the clouds.

TG: things

GG: Yes.

GG: Things.

TG: wut things

GG: Things happening in the future, I think.

GG: Many events pertaining to us. All of us, and other people I didn't recognize.

GG: It was a bit overwhelming.

GG: It made me feel small. Insignificant, relative to whatever it is we're about to involve ourselves with.

GG: And honestly...

GG: It made me feel pretty foolish too.

TG: foolish

TG: why foofish

TG: *sdjhf

GG: I began to wonder why I ever had the audacity to think I know much of anything about the world we live in or the journey we're about to take.

GG: Or to think I could ever rule anything out.

GG: I have a feeling that whatever I saw, it means you've been telling the truth all along.

GG: About everything.

GG: And I'm starting to feel like a complete idiot for doubting you.

TG: aw man :(

GG: I've been one great big horse's caboose, and I think you're owed an apology.

GG: Do you think you can forgive me?

TG: jane

TG: damn

TG: ur makin me feel like shit here

GG: Why?

TG: uuuun

TG: eh no reason

TG: just uh

TG: hey did u dl the game file i sent yet

GG: I did.

GG: And at this point, I guess I have no choice but to use it. I guess you were a step ahead of me yet again.

TG: why

GG: Because the one in the mail detonated in my most recent assassination attempt.

TG: WHAT

TG: of fuck those HACKS

TG: the old explobing game trick woh would stoup to such lowbrow shegnannagings like that

TG: *somany sweet typos

GG: :B

TG: that witch just mafes me FUCKINK FRUIOUS sometites

GG: Hoo hoo! The tactic was quite underhanded, yes.

TG: yeaaah

TG: uh so

TG: what were we talking about again

TG: soory im just worked up ovr it

GG: I don't blame you.

GG: Where we were, by my estimation, was a place wherein I was about to awkwardly attempt to swallow a helping of humble pie.

GG: To somehow make it up to you for my years of stubborn mistrust.

TG: hey jane

TG: wasnt that a bunch a splip infinitives...

GG: Hm?

TG: *split

TG: to awkwardly attemt

TG: to somehow make it up !

GG: Oh!!!

TG: lul so busted

GG: Oh gosh, what a doofus.

GG: You see?? I clearly don't have all the answers!

GG: I really had some nerve challenging anyone, on practically any subject.

TG: dont beat urself up too bad we both know that rule is bullshit anyway

TG: you hold yourself to too high a standard and those standards kinda leak out and start gettin applied to other people i guess sometimes

TG: you really dont have to apologize janey or eat humble pip or anything all youve got to do is maybe not be such a huge tightass all the time

GG: That's fair. But I would still like to make a gesture.

GG: Even if it's one partially motivated by self interest, seeing as I clearly have much to learn.

TG: ?

GG: I would like to give you a free pass for a day.

GG: It is good for twenty-four solid hours of absolute credulity from your best friend.

TG: ........

GG: :B

TG: ok waitin 4 u to say wtf youre exacly talkin about

GG: It means that starting now, whatever you tell me, I will have to believe you.

GG: I promise!

TG: o rly

GG: Yes.

TG: ooooooooooh................

GG: Um,

GG: Are you there?

GG: Ro???

TG: (shh)

TG: (thisis a dramantic pause calm ur tits)

GG: Oh.

GG: Hmm.

GG: Exactly how dramatic are we talking, here?

GG: Shall I go retrieve a magazine?

TG: RLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY??????

GG: Sigh.
    
  
  
