
  
   
    
    TG: kay then

TG: what do you want me 2 say

TG: for you to autobelieve in

GG: Hmm.

GG: Everything, I guess. I'd like to get completely up to speed, if possible.

TG: yeah

TG: but

TG: im pretty sure i already said everything

TG: want me to just

TG: sayit all again.....

GG: Some reiteration certainly couldn't hurt.

GG: But this time I won't work so hard to sift the fantastical from the plausible.

TG: so like

TG: stuffs i said about my mom or

GG: Sure.

TG: ok well fors tarters

TG: she really is the notable author u know

GG: Oh, I know that!

GG: That was always something I had no trouble believing, considering the public documentation even reclusive celebrities receive.

GG: And frankly, the family resemblance is obvious.

TG: yup

GG: Anyway, it would be disingenuous if I found your relation far fetched, since we're all apparently related to noteworthy people. It's just one of those funny things.

TG: true dat

TG: then

TG: what else can i talk about

TG: like her occolt majyyks and stuff

TG: because i dont know a whole lot about the mayjjykks

TG: besides th fact that theyre all real as shit can get

GG: Maybe we should start at the very beginning.

TG: ok

TG: but the begninning was a hecka long time a go

GG: Do you remember around when we first started talking?

TG: y

GG: And you claimed you were the one making my pumpkins disappear?

TG: hahAHA

TG: *aha

TG: y :3

GG: You later proceeded to try to prove to me that what you were saying was true.

GG: But none of your attempts thereafter would ever bear any fruit, pardon the pun.

TG: k but it aint pardoned because a pumpkin aint even a fruit

TG: its a big orange porch thing for holloween numbnuts

GG: Yes, I know what pumpkins are. It was a joke, silly.

GG: What I'm trying to say is, in thinking back to those days, when you couldn't verify your claims, it made me think the whole thing was a big ruse.

GG: And I think this unfortunately began a pattern of mistrust. It was always hard to rule out the possibility that you could be joking about other things as well.

TG: yeah

TG: but its not my fault i mean appeafrification tech is notoriously unreliable

TG: remember

TG: i xplained this

TG: i cant just always appearify stuff from you any time i want

TG: i can only take stuff im "allowed" 2 which is pmuch random

TG: like stuff that by takin id be messing up the time line cause that stuff is supposed to be there and serve some funciton it hasnt served yet

TG: so most of the time if i try all i get is slime on my end

TG: but pumpins 4 some reason are a lil easier to take i dunno why

TG: like they are specifically and arbitrorily unhinged from spacetime

TG: is spooooko

TG: *ky

GG: I couldn't begin to explain the science behind such a technology either.

GG: But I guess the important thing is, regardless of how or why it works, this is a story you continue to stand by?

GG: That is, you are still taking credit for the mysterious disappearance of all those pumpkins I grew years ago?

TG: f yeah

TG: i so gonked your gaurds jane

GG: ...

GG: Did you gank them when my gourd was down?

TG: * yes

TG: * yes i did exectly that

TG: snatched ur patch sucka!!!!!!

TG: hehe

GG: Very well!

GG: Then I believe that is what happened.

GG: That's all I am trying to say here.

TG: so

TG: ok

TG: u believe that

TG: now what??

GG: Now... nothing, really.

GG: You may continue to tell me anything you would like with the confidence that I won't doubt you.

GG: So by all means, go ahead!

TG: ok gotit

TG: so jane

TG: whas tit feel like 2 get stabbed by a bab guy

GG: Oh, come on!

TG: huh

GG: That is a question!

TG: yeah so

GG: It's not any sort of revelation, or statement for me to take at face value.

GG: Dadburn it. This isn't that difficult!

GG: And for the record, it's not great.

TG: whats not

GG: GETTING STABBED BY A BAD GUY. IT ISN'T ALL THAT PEACHY.

TG: yeah i bet

TG: musta suuuucked

TG: or

TG: dream sucked idk

GG: So, you're not in the mood to tell me things?

TG: no i am

TG: im psyched about u wanting to believe me and all

TG: but part of me still feels like i should prove it

TG: like i tried to once

TG: it was just frustratin i mean im a sciestist i should be able 2 prove my shit

TG: like

TG: subject my claims to the fuckin madrigogs

GG: Um...

GG: Madrigogs?

TG: *mad rigors

TG: u know what i mean???

GG: Yeah, I understand.

TG: i mean trust between friends is sweet and everything but i dont know if i wanta be the repipient of like a butt load of pity believins

GG: It's not about pity!

GG: It's more like a gesture I'm trying to make.

GG: Or maybe that's not quite right.

GG: It has more to do with setting things right for myself than making it up to you.

GG: Does that make sense?

TG: .............

GG: Shoot, I'm doing such a terrible job explaining this! :(

TG: (patiently sips bev rage)

GG: The bottom line is, I WANT to believe the things you say now.

GG: That's all you need to know!

TG: ok thats good

TG: i want that 2 buuuuuuut

TG: i still wanna prove it irregardlessly!!!!!!!`

GG: *Shudders uncontrollably at "word" usage.*

TG: whoops sry

TG: * still WANT TO prove it irregaurdlesally

TG: ^ all fixed tght as fuck

TG: so u down for one last try

GG: Sure!

TG: k lets get busay

TG: what you want 2c me disappearify
    
  
  
