
  
   
    
    GG: Well, what immediately catches my attention is this enormous book.

GG: I wonder how it squares with your size restriction?

TG: wut book

GG: My Unabridged Sassacre's!

GG: It's a very rare edition, and a precious family heirloom, so I don't know if it would make an ideal candidate for the journey.

TG: no no r u kidding that shit is perfect

TG: should be just the right size like big but just barkley not too big

GG: But what if it gets damaged!

TG: pshhhhh itll be set fire

GG: Oh! Silly me, what was I even worried about!

TG: errr

TG: ahahaha man

TG: * sent

TG: ** fine

GG: That wasn't even a Freudian slip.

GG: Doctor Freud just tripped over an errant phallus, tumbled down a flight of stairs, and broke his neck.

GG: And then his cigar exploded comically in his face.

TG: ffffFROLOFL

TG: jane ur funy

TG: (omg still lolig @ that word boner i made ooomg)

GG: It was spectacular.

TG: but 4 real i wont set ur fuckin joke book on fire jane

TG: it doesnt even do that even if it goes the worst kinds of wrog

GG: Couldn't we send Wise Guy instead?

GG: At least it can be easily replaced.

TG: jane

GG: ?

TG: jaaanae

GG: HM??

TG: FUCK wise guy

TG: ist would be SO LAME ass a giguinea pig book

TG: goddam who m i kidding i dont even no how to spell giguinea pig whilst sober

TG: coud be sober as a churchchrist and lookat it..... giunae.... guinea... idk shit looks intrinsnically fucked typographically speakin

TG: sooo FUCK that wrod and FUCK those parcicultar pigs

GG: No, I reject your proposal that we "fuck" Wise Guy, whatever that actually means, or for that matter, the spelling of any adorable rodents named after African nations.

TG: jane

TG: are u being a tightass again

GG: I don't... think so?

TG: we talked about this

GG: About what?

TG: about you benig a tightass

GG: I am not being a tightass!

TG: janey

TG: it seems 2 me

TG: that there is a (MATHS) % chance of you bein a huge tightass

TG: are u bein a huge tightass on me jane

GG: Oh god dammit.

GG: Take the book! What do I care!!!

TG: yessss thast the spirpit

TG: now u are believin w petrol

GG: I fail to see what offering up a priceless book for your wildly capricious science experiment has to do with my resolution to be less stingy with my beliefs, but alright.

TG: haha will u relax abt the book

TG: im only just teasing cause theres like practically a 100 percant chance this wont wonk like alwasy

TG: * wort work like always

TG: sooooo

TG: ready/

GG: Yes, let's just get on with it.
    
  
  
