
  
   
    
    gutsyGumshoe [GG] began pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]



GG: Heyyy.

GG: Ahem.

GG: Ro-Lal?

TG: oopos sry

TG: was havin important chats

GG: Oh?

GG: With whom?

TG: w yet anather ineligible fuckin bachelor who elfe i have to talk 2

[CONTINUED PREVIOUSLY]





TT: Anyway, if you're still there.

TT: I wouldn't call my "feelings" ironic.

TT: Though evidently, I would enclose them in quotes.

TT: They're more like an echo of feelings once established in a biological context, though perhaps had not particularly well materialized at that point in my life.

TT: Or his life.

TT: Whatever.

TT: They still feel real sometimes, and it can be easy to get carried away with them.

TT: But most of the time they present themselves as dense bodies of abstraction to be evaluated, like any kind of information.

TT: It's fair to say the feelings I have ABOUT my feelings are more genuine expressions of emotion than the ground level feelings themselves.

TT: Does that make sense?

TG: yes

TG: sory distacted

TG: iportant shit gon on w janesy

TT: That's fine.

TT: So to underwhelmingly answer your question, no, I don't think I'm really "into Jake."

TT: Not so much as occasionally being subject to heavily arresting recalls of conflicted, incipient preteen episodes on the subject.

TT: I'm not sure I can be "into" someone in a way you understand.

TT: Not that it would even matter if I was.

TT: I'm glasses.

TG: damn :(

TT: What?

TG: sry im listening 2 u really

TG: but i fucked uuuuup

TG: got to make sure jane doesnt run that file i sent

TT: The virus? You sent it already?

TT: Sneaky.

TG: waahh im such an ass

TT: What are you two talking about?

TG: the bot line is

TG: im a horribule friend :(

TT: You could just tell her you sent an exploding file.

TG: noo then shell think im shitty

TG: and right now she thinks im super NOT shitty

TG: dont want to blow it

TG: id think id rather pull a dirk and propess my UNDYING FEELINGS FOR HER omgomgomg

TT: Wait, you have feelings for Jane?

TG: no you dingnut

TG: was joak

TG: OMFG

TG: if dirk tells jake about his stuff

TG: what about jane

TG: hows she gonna feel

TG: competing wish a friend and all for aguy she cant even get up the nerve to say anythin to

TG: poor jane :C

TT: It seems to be highly probable you are ensared in the throes of one of your human romantic quandaries.

TG: oh stfu up

TG: i need a drink

TT: Are you even talking to her anymore?

TT: It seems like you must be neglecting her side of the conversation.

TG: im in the mipple of a dramantic pause caulm ur fukin tits bobob
    
  
  
