
  
   
    
    TG: RLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY??????

GG: Sigh.

[CONTINUED PREVIOUSLY]





TT: Anyway, I won't distract you for much longer.

TT: I just felt the need to tip you off to this eight hundred ton gorilla dragging its knuckles across the horizon.

TG: will this gorilla

TG: eat thos bonanas

TG: flying out of the roof u said

TT: No airborne fruit will be safe.

TT: I guess this is to be presented as something like a word of caution.

TT: If it's me going through with this, hypothetically,

TT: I'm not dropping some limp wristed shucks buster on his ass, and praying to the horse gods of irony for reciprocation.

TT: There will be no rocking back and forth on pigeon-toed feet, while my face flushes with the blood of a thousand timid bishies.

TT: I will not hold one tentative hand behind my head like a flustered asshole from an Asian cartoon, nor will an oversized bead of sweat overlap ludicrously with my visage.

TT: If it's me, I'm going all out.

TT: Oceans will rise. Cities will fall. Volcanoes will erupt.

TG: uuh

TT: What I'm saying is, it's going to be a scene, and bystanders need to brace themselves.

TG: ok

TG: about when is the big scene happenin

TT: Probably after the game begins.

TT: I expect he'll hold off on playing his hand until he and Jake are in the session.

TT: He's taken certain measures.

TT: For some reason, I think he's latched on to this notion that functioning as the client for a player is customarily a one way pass to makeout city with that player.

TT: Everything with him, and me, is a matter of assiduous tactical forethought. Makin' a play to get his jones on for the J-man is no different.

TG: not sure what any of this quiet means but it sounds spactacular

TG: i cant wait

TG: tho im still kinda torn

TG: about how 2 feel about his chances vs janes chances

TG: what do i say to jane about this???

TG: its hard being as totey sweet a friend as me

TG: its hard and no 1 understanks

TG: *lul

TT: Sorry to hear that.

TT: As ever, I remain an automatonous and dispassionate witness of the oddity that is human interaction, while maintaining no investment in either outcome.

TG: yeah bs

TG: anyway looks like i have to go

TG: i have to proves some shit to jane

TT: Prove what?

TG: oh u know

TG: just subjectin shit to the old madrigogs

TT: It seems you just said madrigogs.

TT: What are madrigogs.

TG: XD

TG: l7r bro

tipsyGnostalgic [TG] ceased pestering timaeusTestified [TT]
    
  
  
