
  
   
    
    timaeusTestified [TT] began pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]



TT: Roxy.

TT: Awake yet?

TT: Guess not.

TT: Let me know.

TG: whoaa

TG: damn

TG: hey dirk

TG: hada crazy dream

TT: There you are.

TT: But I see your dream self hasn't returned.

TT: You must be tying one the fuck on tight already.

TG: mybe i am

TG: like a bow of ribbone

TG: on a beiuetuifiul ponny

TT: Man, how can you be this much drunker than last time we talked?

TT: What the hell are you even drinking?

TG: ok but 2 b fair

TG: *beiuetuifiul

TG: was an intentional typo 4 ur benefit

TG: cuz i kno you loves tha po's

TT: It's a beiuet.

TG: so you spyin on me in derse ville again??

TT: Yeah.

TG: fuckin perv

TG: like what you see there? ;)

TT: I see precisely jack shit and a side of fuckall.

TT: That's the point.

TT: You got too sauced up and went rogue again. You're out there in your weird drifting stupor, independent of your waking self's awareness.

TG: you gonna go after me again

TG: get on your hornse

TG: galloop me home like prince charming back to swoon kingdong

TG: *OOOMG blushblushbluh

TT: No.

TT: In thinking it over, it's sort of a relief. Simplifies things somewhat.

TT: It's better you stay out there for a while.

TT: There's been a problem.

TG: whatd you do now

TT: Ok, I fucked up.

TT: I kind of made a mess here, and I'm not sure what to do about it yet.

TG: ??>

TT: No need for you to worry about it for now. I'll figure something out.

TT: Until then I'm just going to prepare for our session, while I think it over.

TG: zzzzzz

TG: what a surprise another mysfery for you to keep to yourself an overly cerebralize

TG: snooorre

TG: hey lets talk about something cool instead

TG: like the dream i had

TT: Ok.

TG: first i had some ordinary boring dreams that i dont remember

TG: but then i dreamed that i woke up from the drema

TG: and things got way bright and surreal

TG: and i saw someone

TG: i think it was supposed to be my daughter

TT: Why do you think that?

TG: you know those dreams where u just know someones suppose to be someone

TT: No.

TG: ok well

TG: regulgar people have those im pretty sure all the time

TT: Are you thinking it was prophetic? Like a glimpse of the future?

TG: i dunno

TT: Because that's not really how the abyss works. It's not Skaia, and we aren't Prospit dreamers.

TT: There's nothing like that out in the abyss. If you drift far enough, there is only horror.

TT: Terrible, terrible horror.

TG: ok but im not sayin it was a futuredream!

TG: it was just a glimple and it felt real and all im saying is it was a cool dream that i wish was real

TG: * glimpse

TT: Well, maybe it was.

TT: Maybe there's no fanciful game-supplied mechanism of prognostication involved here, and you're just an ordinary, run of the mill psychic.

TT: I guess that's possible.

TG: hey dick

TG: *dirk

TG: whaaaat do u think

TG: it would be like

TG: if we had kids

TT: What would it be like?

TT: Inconvenient, mostly.

TG: no i mean

TG: what would they be like

TG: th kids

TG: u ever think about it?

TT: Can't really say I have.

TG: you know for an eccantric guy you can be boring as fuck sometimes

TT: Sorry, Rox.

TT: For what it's worth, I'm picturing them now. A boy and a girl.

TT: Two perfect little freaks of nature raised by people who've clearly got no business bringin' up anybody.

TG: shuuuucks buster its just a fun lil hyphothetical to daydream about

TG: why you need to suck the fun out of shit

TG: like some turd hungry dracula

TG: its not like im lobbyin for you to hook me up with a whole mess of fuckin babbies

TG: or thats im holding on to any such delsusion thats even a remote possibility.....

TG: le siiiiiign..////

TT: Le sign?

TG: yes le sign you heard me

TT: Do you mean * le sigh?

TG: hmm nup

TG: ima stickin with le sign

TG: goign down with the shit

TG: *shi[p

TG: the S.S. LE SIGN, starring cap'n rolal

TT: What does le sign actually mean in this context?

TG: oh come on

TT: Come on what?

TG: LE SIGN IS UNIVERSALLY UNDERSTOOT TO MEAN TOO BAD HES GAY YOU DELIBERABLY OBTUSE DUNDERFUCK

TT: I mean, yeah, that's what I thought.

TT: It would just be cool if you'd refrain from tossing about such antediluvian terms.

TG: antediulivan waht

TG: me sayin ur gay u mean

TT: Yes.

TG: ok but terminology aside i dont think im off base!

TT: I don't see how it has to be a thing.

TG: i rly think its an actual thing bro

TT: Once upon a time, sure.

TT: But the world has changed a lot.

TT: Ever peek in a history book between your wizardly indulgences? This is a nuanced topic.

TG: man i know about the histories

TG: just

TG: believe me

TG: its a thig

TT: How is it a thing?

TG: its a thing beaucase if it wasnt a thing then u wouldnt be all like...........

TT: All like what?

TG: well wantin nothing to do w me 4 starties

TT: Don't be ridiculous.

TT: I have more to do with you than any dude could possibly bargain for.

TT: And I like it just fine.

TG: what a totatly lame + sweet answer simultaneouslay

TG: <3

TT: Yeah.

TT: Now maybe we should direct our focus on a matter which has nothing at all to do with what does or doesn't qualify as "a thing", or what our fantasy alt-universe offspring would be like, or anything like that.

TT: Such as this game, and whether you're in the best condition to be piloting Jane's connection.

TT: Maybe you could use another nap?

TG: my condidions just fine

TG: and anyway

TG: what aint gonna get slept offis the fact that i still dont think we should be touchin this bs witch game w a 20 foot 3dent

TG: we both know her plans need us to

TT: I know that. But I thought we settled this.

TG: its still so frustrating

TG: tellin jane about the dangers

TG: and even if shes being polite i just know she thinks im fulla crap

TG: about EVREYTHING

TT: We settled this too. She'll believe everything eventually.

TT: Why bother working so hard to convince her?

TG: well i dont even do that for the most part

TG: but it gets tiring and saddening

TG: knowing that

TG: even when were not activly talkin bout it

TG: that my best friend cant bring herself to believe some really basic things about my life

TG: like the shitty things the baroness has done to us

TG: or about our upbringin

TG: like

TG: do u know how misrable it is for your bff to doubt you

TG: when you tell her your mom is dead

TT: I guess.

TT: It just registers for me as a reaction which isn't completely unreasonable from her perspective.

TT: She is inundated with media coverage of those whom we've claimed as our parental figures.

TT: That they are not presently alive nor ever played that role for us as she understands it is just an extension of a much more elaborate and far reaching explanation, which is much harder for anyone to digest in its entirety.

TT: Well, anyone who isn't Jake, I mean.

TT: Still say you should cut her some slack.

TG: i know

TT: And need I remind you,

TT: That the potential this game provides for their resurrection is what motivated you to investigate it in the first place?
    
  
  
