
  
   
    
    TG: no i remember

TG: i told u a million tines shit sounds like it could be the best thing EVAAAAAR

TG: * wherein evars capsed as heck

TG: but also that no matter how awesome it might be

TG: its probly gonna advance all the schemes of "her condescension"

TT: Right.

TT: But if we can stop her?

TG: part of me doesnt even want to give her the satsfaction

TG: of startin up at all

TG: like if we didnt wuolndt that wreck her shit just so hiliariously???

TG: so many olols

TT: I must be hard of counting, because I'm barely racking up a single goddamn o-laugh-out-loud at that self-defeating gesture.

TG: no but it would

TG: and for all we know starting it up is playing right in her claws....

TG: could be a trap waintin for jane the moment she enters

TG: if i stop her from playing

TG: maybe i could at leat give her a CHANCE at a future

TT: But there is no future on Earth for them.

TT: Or for us, for that matter.

TG: dunno that for a fact

TG: but anywaaaayyyy

TG: i kinda already

TG: made this bogus file for her

TT: What? Why?

TG: 2 scare the shit out of her

TG: make her learn to fear an respect the fuckin hag like she should

TG: then maybe we can drop this whole in game meetup slash reserection idea all 2 geth

TG: sweet tho it may bey

TT: Rox.

TT: I hope you're not thinking about sending her one of your batshit ~ATH scripts.

TG: on thas sobject

TG: i am miss zuipperpips

TT: Miss Zuipperpips?

TT: The amount of sense you haven't been making is un-fucking-real.

TT: Just go take a nap. And don't even think about sending her that file.

TT: Are you listening?

TG: hnnn

TG: i will take what u say

TG: underd serisous advicement...,

TG: *WONK* ~_?

TT: Jesus.

TG: dirk

TG: when did you stop bein any fun

TT: What?

TG: it use to be youd get a kick out off a slunt like that

TG: *stunt

TT: Man, you know I'm down with insane stunts.

TT: Insane stunts are practically all I'm all about.

TT: As long as I actually AGREE with the purpose they're intended to serve.

TT: Destroying Jane's computer and dissuading her from playing is not such a purpose.

TG: betcha ur responder would agree w me

TG: why cant your be more like him

TT: I am more like him.

TG: i mean MOAAAR like him

TT: You just mispelled "more", causing me to suddenly understand jack everything.

TG: hes more in touch with his feelins

TG: which just makes me L my FA off since hes a bobot

TG: *robob

TG: **bobob

TG: and he can actually loosen up sometimes

TG: kinda like u used to could

TT: I used to could?

TG: for 1 thing

TG: he doesnt insta shootdown a bip of frisky rp shenans now n then ;)

TT: Yeah...

TT: I kind of wish you wouldn't do that with him.

TG: why the f not

TT: It just seems a little tawdry and disrespectful.

TT: And vaguely exploitative of a still-emergent cognitive entity, whose perceptional frame of reference is difficult for us to comprehend.

TG: oh come on

TG: hes cool a guy just liek you its just he lives in some shades

TT: It rubs me the wrong way, is all.

TG: ohhhh

TG: do uuuuuu...

TG: WANT me 2 rub you the right way ;D

TT: Not really.

TG: zzz muh

TG: youre over blowin this

TG: its just an ironic funny thing we do some times

TG: come on im sure you read the transcripts urself

TG: its all alot of jokestery buiishit

TT: He blocks me from being able to read transcripts sometimes.

TG: oh

TG: wow he does?

TG: sneaky bastart

TT: And anyway, I'm really not sure how ironic it is.

TG: ok next time i will run it by the MASTAR first

TG: with his fancy fuckin ironimeter

TT: Ok, here's the thing with the AR, since you still don't seem to get it.

TT: He's very similar to me in thought process and behavior, yes.

TT: But those patterns were imported from a thirteen year old version of my psyche, and then sealed into the program as starting parameters.

TT: In the years since, we've both evolved somewhat. I, as humans tend to, and he, in whatever way is natural for a frequently running, self-aware application.

TT: So if there are differences between us, they're first reflected by what I feel is a maturity gap, and then further by several years of minor behavioral divergences.

TG: omg...

TG: hes 13yo dirk

TG: why did than not occur to me that is so cute

TG: and makes me feel kinda skeevy 4 sayin anything lascivious @ him

TG: dammit you ruin everything!

TT: You're welcome.

TT: Yo, you guys realize I can hear you, right?

TG: pfffffhahaha

TT: Yes, I was aware.

TT: Check out all these complicated fucking problems people have when they have to live in big lumbering fleshmonsters instead of a sweet pair of shades.

TT: Dude, do you think you could sit this one out for a while? This conversation practically doesn't even concern you at this point.

TT: It seems there is some gnarly crooked number that represents the percentage of probability you just said this doesn't concern me.

TT: Even though it's patently obvious that half the conversation, like, way totally concerns me.

TT: Shit, Roxy look. He's doing the thing where he ironically pretends to fail the Turing test to sass me into submission.

TT: Even though I was the one who fucking programmed him to do that.

TG: ell

TG: emm

TG: eff

TG: ayy

TG: OFF~~!~

TG: like my butt is juts there on the floor

TG: is how hard i elled it off just now

TT: (Not peekin' at the floor butt cause I'm only 13 years old, motherfuckers.)

TT: This is fuckin' dumb.

TT: I'm going to leave both of you to interact however you want. I have important shit to deal with and actual responsibilities to take seriously.

TT: Roxy, go nap off your drink, or aggressively wage another flirtlarping campaign, whatever, I don't care.

TT: Just don't send that file to Jane, ok?

timaeusTestified [TT] ceased pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]
    
  
  
