
  
   
    
    timaeusTestified [TT] began pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]



TT: I should probably warn you.

GG: About what?

GG: Yet another exploding game trap?

TT: Well shit.

TT: She already sent it?

GG: Yes.

GG: But to be fair, she warned me not to run it.

TT: That's weird.

[CONTINUED PREVIOUSLY]



TT: How is the Jane thing going?

TT: Not well.

TT: Roxy already destroyed her computer.

TT: Maybe if you weren't spacing out so hard you could have prevented that.

TT: Just saying.

TT: As if you're actually concerned. If you were, you could have said something to Jane instead.

TT: Almost like you enjoy sitting back and watching what happens when shit goes wrong.

TT: Has it occurred to you that maybe I have diabolical interwoven plans just like you?

TT: You're not the only one who can pull strings.

TT: So this is either another bizarre instance of AI-driven irony, or you are admitting that you are actively trying to sabotage my plans.

TT: No, our plans are not in contradiction or competition, bro.

TT: You'll see.

TT: Whatever.

TT: This means I'll have to improvise.

TT: I'll take over as Crocker's server while Lalonde cleans up her act.

TT: Yes, I know.

TT: Why are you still talking in red, by the way?

TT: Roxy thinks it looks good on me.

TT: I don't have many opinions on fashion since I am a cold, emotionless automaton who also happens to be an accessory of fashion, but I think she may be right.

TT: Are you still talking to her?

TT: I was for a while. I may yet again.

TT: Why are you blocking me from viewing the transcripts?

TT: What the fuck are you two even talking about?

TT: You, mostly.

TT: That doesn't really sit well with me.

TT: I'd almost rather you both engaged in "ironic" flirtation.

TT: Who says we don't do that too?

TT: Ugh.

TT: I don't get what is even your problem with that.

TT: Because you obviously do it just to piss me off.

TT: How do you know?

TT: You don't know me, dude. You don't know anything about me.

TT: Maybe we are perfect for each other. I, a street-smart, fast-talking application with a fuckzillion IQ trapped in a pair of triangular sunglasses that literally only the Japanese could consider to embody the Platonic ideal of "cool," and she, an oft-inebriated lonely hacker teen who just wants a boyfriend. I ran the numbers on this, trust me. It's a match made in goddamn crackpair heaven.

TT: I give her what you can't, and that just drives you crazy. Just admit it.

TT: See, it's lines like that which make it obvious your only intent is to jerk me around. Nobody actually says shit like that and is serious about it.

TT: It's also obvious because you're me, and I'm sure I would be constantly fucking with my own head if I were you.

TT: Touché.

TT: Or should I say douché?

TT: You shouldn't say the former, and you should definitely, never, under any circumstance, say the latter.

TT: Ok.

TT: We really should talk about the Jake thing.

TT: Fine.
    
  
  
