
  
   
    
    golgothasTerror [GT] began pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]

GT: Aloha madame.

GG: Jake!

GG: Hey there. I was actually about to message you.

GT: Yes i have heard that maybe your correspondence was forthcoming.

GG: You did?

GT: I just got off the horn with roxy.

GG: Wait...

GG: What did she tell you?

GT: Well. Not anything all that specific.

GG: Did she goad you into writing this message?

GT: Oh you know how it is. What with her ways.

GG: What ways?

GT: You know... ways!

GT: I believe they are not incongruous with those of a feisty and provocative young woman.

GG: Provocative my behind!

GG: She is skirting dangerously close to meddlesome territory.

GT: No its really not like that!

GT: Hold on...

GT: God dammit.

GG: ??

GT: Its just dirks inscrutable wrestlebot acting up over there.

GT: What the fuck is it doing now?

GG: Has one of his gadgets been causing trouble for you over there as well?

GT: If by causing trouble you mean clobbering the everfriggin tar out of me while still switched to the "novice" setting then yes.

GT: But that is not why i messaged you!!! I will not be deterred here jane.

GG: Deterred from what?

GT: Jane i think its time we had an honest to goodness dame to fella talk. Like about our...

GT: Stuff. You know?

GG: Our stuff?

GT: Our feelings.

GT: Like how we feel about each other.

GG: Um...

GG: Yes.

GG: Okay.

GT: I dont think im out of line in suggesting weve been tiptoeing around some things here do you?

GG: Have we?

GT: I think so. Its just a hunch.

GG: Is there something you want to say to me, Jake?

GG: About how you feel?

GT: Absolutely!

GT: I feel that total honesty between us will be the best policy as we begin our journey together.

GT: So i say lets put all the facts on the table where we can both see them.

GT: With that in mind i would like to ask you a question jane and i hope it doesnt strike you as being too forward.

GG: ...

GG: Go on.

GT: Maybe its just my imagination but ive picked up on certain lets say hints.

GT: So i have to just come out and ask. Hoo boy this is actually proving to be a serious challenge to my bravery now that im going through with it.

GT: Im getting a little hot under the collar here!

GG: No, it's ok...

GG: Please continue!

GT: Ok then.

GT: What id like to know is...

GT: Do you like me jane?

GG: Uh.

GG: Wait...

GG: What?

GT: I mean do you like me as more than a friend?

GT: Do you envision us as like...

GT: An item? A romantic pairing of sorts?

GG: Wow, um.

GT: Is that the direction in which you would prefer our relationship to progress?

GG: Well,

GG: I

GT: Please! Be honest with me jane.

GT: Just come out and say it. Do you fancy me?

GG: No!
    
  
  
