
  
   
    
    GG: What's happening?

GT: Its having some sort of mental episode.

GT: See this is what im talking about jane. This is what im dealing with here.

GT: Sigh. Like i said my life is many different hells of complicated.

GG: Jake, could you just tell me what you're talking about?

GT: Youre right. I did say honesty was the best policy didnt i so i might as well not keep certain things so close to the vest anymore.

GT: Actually since youve made your feelings apparent and only see me as a friend that makes it a lot easier!

GG: Haha, yes!

GG: Friends!!!!

GT: Maybe you could help me sort out some stuff that has been weighing on me lately?

GG: Well what are friends for Jake!!!!!

GT: Jane are you alright?

GT: You seem to be exclaiming more liberally than usual.

GG: Me?

GG: HOO HOO HOO!

GG: I'm just

GG: Terrific!

GG: I'm feeling so...

GG: Friendly!!!

GG: I clearly just want to be a good friend and bring all my AMAZING FRIENDLINESS to bear on your problems.

GG: Friendlystyle! Ahahahah?

GG: Shit I mean

GG: Ahahahah!

GT: Thats aces. Jane youre a sweetheart.

GT: So as i was saying.

GT: I cant help but feel like all this stuff going on with dirk like his responders mind games and his brobots mysterious and brutal hazings...

GT: Are all like...

GT: Man i know this is going to sound crazy.

GG: What?

GT: Like theyre all part of a really long term and esoteric courtship process that is bizarre but somehow makes perfect sense in his mind.

GG: Courtship??

GT: Yes from dirk.

GT: To you know...

GT: Woo me.

GG: Huh!

GG: Really?

GT: I know its hard to believe but i know dirk pretty well and...

GT: Well im more than a little sure he likes me in that way if you catch my drift.

GT: And what with how he is...

GT: Just so relentless and aggressive about everything you know?

GG: Yeaaah.

GT: So i just start to wonder deep down if maybe its inevitable.

GG: What's inevitable?

GT: Him and me. As more than just best buddies.

GG: Uhhhhh...

GT: I know if he has his heart set on something he will never let up.

GT: So maybe its just going to happen and things will be easier that way and i should just try to come to terms with it?

GG: I don't think you have to do anything you don't want to, Jake.

GT: Yeah.

GT: Um.

GG: Wait.

GG: DO you not want to?

GT: Like i said jane i am inclined to entertain certain ideas and what ifs thats all.

GT: I mean we do get along really well and share a lot of interests.

GT: Im not saying im really GUNG HO TO THE MAX about the proposition but yeah ive given it some thought.

GT: I dunno.

GT: Do you think thats weird of me? For even considering it?

GG: Well...

GG: No.

GG: I don't think that makes you weird, Jake.

GT: Really?

GG: I think

GG: That

GT: What jane?

GG: I think that it's great if you are open to exploring those feelings.
    
  
  
