
  
   
    
    AG: Oh, I know.

AG: May8e I'll mindjack some random chump and send him to your hive so he can read my messages to you out loud!

AG: What a perfect solution. He can 8e your assisted living slave. 

AG: I would have had the perfect candid8 all lined up, 8ut he recently lost the use of his legs unfortun8ly. Oh well, I'll just roll with the punches like I always do and find someone else.

AG: Just say the word, and I'll make him do whatever you want! Read my awesome notes to you, hang some more plush dragons from your tree, pre-chew your food........

AG: Well, may8e not pre-chew it, since I didn't exactly knock your teeth out, did I?

AG: May8e more like pre-look-at your food, to make sure there are 8ugs in it.

AG: See, isn't it gr8 when we're helping each other out instead of maiming each other repeatedly?

AG: This is how it should 8e 8etween Scourge Sisters. All the maimings and 8acksta88ings should 8e saved for the friends and foes who get in our way, don't you think?

AG: Hey, what do you want to do for our next campaign, 8tw?

AG: We can take the next one easy. I'll try to think of something 8etter suited to your new disa8ility!

AG: I mean, I've ALREADY pretty much nixed anything involving stairs, 8ecause of Tavros. Lol.

AG: 8n't no one can say I'm not willing to meet people half way!!!!!!!!

AG: Whew........

AG: I'm losing a lot of 8lood here.

AG: Good thing I seem to have a ton of the stuff. We high8loods are made of some pretty tough shit.

AG: What a fucking mess, though. Not really looking forward to cleaning this up.

AG: I've got to say, your prank was pretty good. Still not sure how you pulled it off. Pretty inconvenient though!

AG: It's too 8ad you're not going to get to read this for a while, if ever. We could 8e 8onding over the gr8 pranks we just pulled on each other!

AG: Oh well.

AG: Guess I'll take off. 8efore I drop dead like some kind of loser and you never get to hear from me again.

AG: See you around, sis.

GC: WOW

GC: 1 C4NT B3L13V3 1 4LMOST FORGOT

GC: WH4T 4 COMPL3T3LY CR4ZY B1TCH YOU W3R3

AG: Hey now!

AG: What kind of attitude is that to 8ring into this memory?

GC: OH

GC: Y34H

GC: SORRY >:[

AG: Easy, there.

AG: No need to waste good remorse on such a trivial exchange.

AG: I am only reminding you,

AG: That if you 8ring too much 8aggage from the past into the memory, it is dou8tful your experience will 8e either therapeutic or cathartic.

GC: UH

GC: WH4T

AG: You were the one who invoked this memory after all.

AG: Isn't this why you are here? Is it not what you have 8een hoping for and fretting you may find since your journey 8egan?

AG: A chance to say you are sorry?

GC: VR1SK4

GC: YOU SOUND R34LLY D1FF3R3NT

GC: WH4T H4PP3N3D TO YOU OUT H3R3?

AG: Sorry for the ruse.

AG: Though it isn't as far from the truth as it possi8ly could 8e, I am not who you think I am.

GC: >:?

AG: I of course needed to visit you through a memory, and interestingly, this is the one you gave me.

AG: No ill will or upsetting hijinks were intended.

GC: WHO 4R3 YOU?
    
  
  
