
  
   
    
    AG: That's ok. There is plenty of time to sort it all out.

AG: I've 8een keeping an eye on you all for quite a while. Your whole planet, actually. It was very interesting this time around, to say the least.

AG: It even had a different name! "Alternia." Haha. How heavy handed can you get?

AG: The man responsi8le was a 8it of a wise guy. He rewrote everything. He had a knack for overzealous storytelling, which is a harmless enough ha8it usually. I'm guilty of it myself sometimes.

AG: 8ut it is not so harmless when the perpetrator is omniscient and omnipotent.

GC: OMN1SC13NT?

GC: YOU M34N

GC: MR M1LKSH4K3???

AG: That's right.

AG: 8ut he's dead now, and his story is over. The 8ook on our universe is closed, 8oth for my instance and yours.

AG: This 8eing the case, I thought it was the right time to introduce myself. The com8ined work of my group and yours is unfinished, and the outcome has not 8een assured.

AG: The true ultimate reward has yet to 8e achieved. No safe haven has 8een created that is free from the devastation caused 8y Mr. Milkshake's grand deception.

AG: Our race still teeters on extinction. The mem8ers of your party, and one noteworthy fugitive, are the sole survivors.

AG: We must work together to create that haven and restore our race, so that the sacrifices we all made will not 8e in vain.

AG: 8ut in order to repair the unthinka8le damage that has 8een done, we need to allow ourselves the chance to heal first.

AG: Old wounds, old regrets. They will serve no purpose on the rest of your journey.

GC: R3GR3TS

GC: 4R3 YOU T4LK1NG 4BOUT M3 4ND VR1SK4?

AG: Sure. You have to start somewhere.

GC: DO YOU KNOW WH3R3 SH3 1S?

AG: Not at the moment.

AG: 8ut the more time you spend here, the more likely it is you will find whomever you are looking for.

AG: On the other hand, if it is the unknowa8le will of the gods, you may dance around each other indefinitely as you pass through this space. It is hard to say.

GC: OH

GC: OK TH3N

GC: 1M NOT SUR3 WH3TH3R TO B3 R3L13V3D OR FRUSTR4T3D BY TH4T

AG: Well, if she had 8een dwelling in this 8u88le like you thought, what would you want to say to her?

AG: Surely you would not have just argued a8out the past.

GC: NO

GC: 1 ST1LL DONT KNOW WH4T 1 WOULD S4Y TO H3R

AG: Then what would you say to me?
    
  
  
