
  
   
    
    tipsyGnostalgic [TG] began pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]

TG: jcrocks 

TG: urgent cornespondence 4 profeffor bffsy over 

GG: Roxy!

GG: You won't believe where I am right now.

TG: betch u i will 

GG: Ok, maybe you will.

GG: But I'm in the game finally! It's considerably more outlandish than I was expecting.

TG: what were u spectin 

TG: for mangic not 2 be real or something 

TG: lol what a dope 

GG: No, I was thinking...

GG: Well, I don't know. Something more like...

TG: wow k shoosh 

TG: jane i actuatly dont have any time 

TG: i have literally like 1 minute 

TG: i only wanted to ask one thing 

TG: did you talk to jake 

TG: about u know 

TG: do i even NEED to wonk?? 

GG: THAT'S why you're contacting me???

TG: ys 

TG: hry 

GG: Roxy, please, I don't think you understand.

GG: There are MYSTERIES here.

GG: REAL MYSTERIES AND PUZZLES TO SOLVE.

TG: thas cool so howd it go with jake 

GG: Groan.

TG: did doc crock prantice her love medizine on THE ENGLISH PATIENT ;) <3<3,4 

GG: Hardly.

GG: If you really want to know, I completely blew it with him forever. Satisfied?

TG: aw wahat that FUCK 

GG: He asked me if I liked him, and in the heat of the moment I panicked and said no.

GG: And then he went on this whole thing about Dirk, and...

GG: That's that.

GG: Can we drop it now?

TG: uuuuuuuuuuuuuururreggghhgh 

TG: jane this is totals the shittiest love report i ever heard 

GG: It's not a "love report!" Will you stop it?

TG: jane im pissed 

TG: i am so pipsed about this i want to just go there and smack ur ass 

TG: u HAD him and oh jane siiiign 

TG: the ONLY reason i got 2 cut short on ripping you a new one ofer this debacle is the fact that everything is literally on fire right now 

GG: What? There's a fire?

TG: no jane theres a fire when youg go camping and pack marshmalmows while smiling like an asshole 

TG: the whole neighborhoof is burning down 

TG: by which i mean lilerally every single fuckin builbing 

TG: gtg 

GG: Oh, gosh.

GG: Please be careful!

TG: stil just 

TG: SM f'n H about this jake thang 

TG: uuurrrrgh 

GG: :(

tipsyGnostalgic [TG] ceased pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]



[Close tab and continue playing game in original tab.]
    
  
  
