
  
   
    
    timaeusTestified [TT] began pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]

TT: Looks like you're getting the hang of these puzzles.

TT: Nice work.

GG: Thank you!

GG: That last skull was a doozy, to be honest.

TT: Yeah, I guess. If you have a human brain, sure.

TT: Personally, I've already solved all conceivable skull puzzles for all possible skull states, which is a thing that's like, no big deal for me?

GG: Har har.

GG: Hey, I thought you couldn't see me once I left the house?

TT: I can't. Not through the server's viewport.

TT: But I can still monitor your progress through Lil Sebastian.

TT: He and I are linked the hell up cyberwise. We are so tight. Tight like you wouldn't believe.

GG: Oh yeah?

TT: It's like he is the Incredible Hulk's pants, and I am his monstrous package yearning to bust loose.

GG: Blehhhh, why??

TT: Jane.

TT: It seems there is a way bigger than average probability that you do not want to discuss Bruce Banner's megalithic gamma schlong.

GG: That figure would be sitting pretty at one hundred percent.

TT: Holy shit!

TT: Some of my circuits exploded. That number was intense to robo-consider.

GG: Ok, let's stop talking about stupid things for a minute. What a completely absurd environment for our typical blithering discourse.

GG: I am hot on the prowl for more clues about this strange and mysterious land!

TT: Ha ha.

GG: What?

TT: I don't know.

TT: Just, ha ha to that.

GG: Anyway, I think I'm getting closer to finding where my house went.

GG: Then I can reunite with dad, and together we can sleuth this great big pickle of a planet!

TT: Well, the good news is your house should be just ahead, if you keep following the trail.

GG: Yes, I knew it!

TT: The bad news is your dad's not there anymore.

GG: Oh no!

TT: I guess he got antsy and left to explore. Maybe he's looking for you?

TT: I tried to block him from leaving with some furniture, but the dude was having none of it.

GG: Golly, why did he have to leave??

GG: This really complicates matters. I hope he doesn't get lost.

TT: Don't worry, we'll find him. I'll have Seb search within a likely radius. The little guy is real fast.

GG: Yes. Good idea.

TT: In the meantime, you'd better go find your house. We aren't making any progress in this game without it. It's kinda central to the gameplay, you know?

TT: If you need Seb to do anything from afar, just message me, and I'll give him the orders. Got it?

GG: Got it! Thanks!

timaeusTestified [TT] ceased pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]



[Close tab and continue playing game in original tab.]
    
  
  
