
  
   
    
    TT: Even drones were replaced with robotic versions. I imagine they were just easier to produce and control, since she'd given up hope of perfectly mirroring her own civilization in all its convoluted symbiotic glory.

TT: But not without a good fight, and not without taking her frustrations out on the human population.

TT: She attempted to enforce "blood casting" through efforts to genetically alter people's blood color. That was an ugly chapter. Lotta fuckin' people died from that debacle.

TT: Over the last four hundred years, the population just got smaller and smaller from these atrocities piling up. But she clearly didn't give a shit.

TT: All the while, the amount of dry land kept shrinking due to the gradual flooding.

TT: Soon there was hardly anywhere left to live, and then, that was that. No more people.

GT: Damn.

GT: Wait...

GT: Flooding?

TT: Oh. Yeah, I probably should have mentioned this up front.

TT: One of the first things she did while in power was begin melting the ice caps.

TT: It took a while, but eventually the whole world flooded.

TT: That's how it is now. It's totally soaked up in this bitch.

GT: Wow like the epic kevin costner film?

TT: Almost exactly. Especially by the same degree of shittiness.

GT: Oh man does that mean you have to drink your own pee??????

TT: You get used to the taste. Welcome it, even.

TT: That takes about 15 days in a row of hard piss drinking though.

GT: Ewwwwwwwwwwww no dude. No ew. :(

TT: Relax, I don't drink any goddamn piss, ok?

GT: Oh ok. Whew.

GT: I guess your lusis droid thingy sees to it that you have fresh water?

TT: Nope. Those stopped being a thing a long time ago too, once humans went extinct.

GT: Oh i thought...

GT: Hm. Well who raised you then?

TT: Nobody, man. I raised my damn self.

GT: !

GT: Jesus christofer kringlefucker and here i thought i was rugged!

TT: You're still pretty rugged. You're just a fucking dork about it.

GT: Thats true.

TT: I guess I did have Cal looking after me.

TT: Let's not discount the rad service of the C-man, ok?

GT: Heaven forbid.

GT: And what about roxy?
    
  
  
