
  
   
    
    TT: Well, like I said. She was raised by the Baroness. It was probably a worse childhood than either of us had.

TT: She wasn't related obviously. Ain't nobody's related to a damn fish alien. Except other fish aliens probably.

TT: She had an adoptive brother too. Life must have been miserable for both of them.

GT: Yes i vaguely remember her mentioning him.

GT: Cripes the things she told me now that i think about it. She said the witch even killed her dog!

GT: Is that true?

TT: I don't know, but wouldn't doubt it.

TT: There are other urban legends that she did a lot of experiments on animals and people. Mostly to do with mind control.

TT: Like figuring out ways to unlock all of her psychic alien potential, to increase her power.

TT: Not sure if that's true, or if it was actually successful though.

GT: So what youre saying is pretty much any unspeakably horrible thing she could have done she probably did?

TT: Yes.

TT: Anyway, your grandma managed to run away when she was quite young. Maybe it was a traumatic event like dog murder that prompted her to flee, who knows.

TT: Whatever the case, her bro stayed behind. The guy must have been seriously immune to witnessing fucked up shit, because he went on to be a famous comedian. A real kindly old cornball. A nicer guy you couldn't hope to meet, they say.

GT: Haha wow. Must have been a hell of a guy.

TT: So...

TT: You're not making any connections there?

GT: Where? Huh?

TT: Famous comedian, about the age of your grandma, inheriting the family name of the Baroness...

TT: Not ringing a bell?

GT: What are you talking about! Dirk stop speaking in riddles and keep telling the story i am on tenterhooks here!

TT: Ok, well it's not like it's that important. Just a super obvious thing that'll probably occur to you later when you're looking in the fridge you don't have, at which point you'll feel like an idiot.

GT: Oh my god you can be one opaque motherfucker just clue me in bro!

TT: Nah, it'll be funnier this way.

GT: STRIIIIIIDEEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!

TT: Moving on.
    
  
  
