
  
   
    
    GT: Your forebears are certainly entrepreneurial if nothing else.

GT: I can get behind the idea of making a killing if it means i also get to be as good at doing adventures as i hope to be.

GT: Did they ever bring the battle to the witchs doorstep or were the blows dealt strictly through public masquerades and theatrics?

TT: Yeah, they got pretty deep into the shit eventually.

TT: They were both very skilled combatants. I'm pretty sure she had some weird powers too.

GT: Powers you say?

TT: Communion with occult forces. Something like that.

TT: She knew things. Had visions. It's why she was able to write those books, and more importantly, why Roxy and I were able to survive here.

GT: How?

TT: They knew we would be here some day. So they prepared for our arrival.

TT: I live in what used to be my bro's old apartment four hundred years ago. The whole city is gone, but this one unit was somehow protected.

TT: He left some supplies for me here. Like a lifetime supply of orange soda in the crawl space, along with a fuck ton of SBaHJ merch. It was like discovering my own personal holocaust of bulbous jutting bottoms.

TT: Plus some weapons, some other gear. And a killer pair of shades.

TT: Roxy's mom used to live in her place too, and left some stuff she might need lying around. This was way before there were Carapacian colonies though.

TT: I think her house must have been a kind of kernelized structure, like a potential colony. Something built to undergo modular self replication if activated.

TT: I'm sure her mom knew that. It's been a good way for Rox to blend in.

TT: I stick out like a sore thumb here of course, but it hasn't really been a problem yet.

GT: So...

GT: They knew you would show up in the future some day and prepared for that...

GT: Doesn't that mean they also knew they weren't going to be able to stop the witch?

TT: Probably.

TT: But they went down fighting anyway.

GT: Wow.

GT: Thats brave and kind of sad.

TT: Yeah. But wouldn't you?

GT: Of course!!!!!

GT: You always go down guns blazing. Thats what a hero does when he loves adventure and has guns.

GT: If theres one thing movies have taught me besides the fact that guys using a corpse as a silly puppet is friggin HILARIOUS it is THAT FACT.

TT: It's not like their rebellion was totally futile.

TT: They took a lot of shitheads down with them.

GT: Who?

TT: Sympathizers.

GT: Eugh! Just the thought of such scoundrels turns my stomach!

TT: They should.

TT: In order for you to understand, I'll have to fill you in on the ridiculous final gasps of human civilization, taking place over the several decades leading up to its absolute enslavement.

TT: The decades which immediately followed the "rebranding."
    
  
  
