
  
   
    
    TT: Ok.

TT: I will disregard your anomalous observation for now and continue conversing as if it never happened.

GT: Right. Good plan.

GT: Um.

GT: Anyhoo thats a heck of a tragic and thrilling tale dirk.

GT: I am still totally cockeyed and catawampus about it all i dont even know what to think.

TT: But you believe me, right?

GT: Oh yeah every word of it!

TT: Wow.

GT: Why shouldnt i? You are my friend and i trust you.

TT: I still just think it's impressive, is all. Even after all this time. You are pretty much a one of a kind dude.

GT: Heh not really i just like believing stuff and believing in people.

GT: Wait what do you mean?

TT: About what?

GT: When you said after all this time?

GT: You just told me now!

TT: Yes.

GT: Hang on.

GT: Blarg! The deja vuey shit is happening again!!!

GT: Okay i am SURE weve had this conversation before so many things are familiar.

GT: I remember you saying the one of a kind dude thing and i remember saying the word catawampus and...

GT: All of it!

GT: Whats going on?

TT: Took you long enough to figure it out.

TT: Pages really are a slow burning class. Damn.

GT: Figure what out!

TT: You're asleep.

GT: Oh.

GT: Thats right. I fell off the platform thing and i guess i got knocked out?

TT: Yep.

GT: So im dreaming.

TT: Kinda.

TT: It's a dream bubble.

GT: Whats that?

TT: A place in the infinite abyss where sleeping people can share dreams with each other while revisiting memories.

TT: Also where they can meet dead people.

GT: So we are sharing a dream together?

GT: And youre currently asleep too? Uh. Currently in the future?

TT: No.

TT: Even if I was, I wouldn't visit a dream bubble. That only happens when your dream self is dead, like yours is.

TT: Mine is not.

GT: Hm. I guess i understand?

GT: So whats the deal then? Wait.

GT: You said this is where they meet dead people too...

GT: Shit! Dirk are you dead? Are you a ghost!?

TT: No, dude. Chill. I'm fine.

GT: Then what the fuck is going on! Who am i talking to?

TT: Well, who are the people you talk to when you have a regular dream?

GT: What? Uh...

TT: Like just a boring normal dream, and there's a person you're talking to. Who is that?

GT: I dont know?

TT: It's nobody. Just a projection of your own mind.

TT: Dream bubbles don't always need to be shared by dreamers or dead people. You can go to sleep and wake up in one alone, reliving an old memory.

TT: Kind of like a normal dream. Until you remember it's just a memory, which is where we are now.

GT: Okay.

GT: So.

GT: I am having like a lucid dreamy thing in a magic bubble and you are just like a figment of my imagination?

TT: Yes, basically.

GT: So im talking to myself! Thats kind of stupid!

TT: Well, yeah. But not quite.

TT: You could view me as a projection of the real Dirk within your mind, as expressed through all of your thought patterns about him.

TT: So I'm kind of a splinter of his corporeal self who happens to live in your awareness.

TT: I'm a startlingly close approximation to the real thing, for all intents and purposes.

GT: Just how startlingly close are we talking?

TT: I'm not going to give you a bogus percentage like the glasses cause that's not my shtick.

TT: But pretty damn close.

GT: Okay thats fair.

GT: But.

GT: Man.

GT: There is something that feels kind of weird about this. You being in my head... its a little messed up!

TT: What's messed up about it?

TT: You were the one who put me here, with your intimate understanding of all his mannerisms and predilections.

TT: And a splintered existence is pretty much how he rolls.

TT: This is how shit is bro.

GT: Ok im sorry for saying its messed up but...

GT: Its still a bit frustrating! Ive been trying to talk to you all day.

GT: But all i get is your pesky responder bedeviling me at every turn and your friggin robot punching me across the ocean and then throwing a weird tantrum and ripping his nuclear heart out in front of me.

GT: And if that werent enough i tumbled off the doohickey and knocked myself out and now im strolling down memory lane with your fake brain ghost!

GT: Its like you are surrounding me from all sides with imitations of yourself but never the REAL YOU!!!

GT: Cheese and fucking crackers when do i just get to talk to the actual dirk?

TT: Jake, what do you even know about someone's actual self?

TT: What makes it actual? What is "actuality?"

GT: What a horseshitty question!

GT: I dont know anything about actuality i guess but i know some philosobabble horseshit when i dadblasted hear it.

TT: I'm just saying, this isn't really your field of expertise.

TT: Dirk is the heart guy. He's the one walking the path of self, even when he doesn't know it. Like right now.

GT: But what does that mean?

GT: And how can you really be made of only my thoughts when i dont even know what youre talking about sometimes?

GT: Or when i didnt know some of the things youre telling me? Like about being in a dream bubble?

GT: How can i tell myself about that stuff through brain ghost dirk!

TT: Who says you don't know those things on some level?

GT: I dont think i do!

GT: I have no business knowing those things.

TT: Pages have a lot of untapped potential.

TT: That's practically all there is to the class, actually.

TT: But when they eventually find it, look out.

TT: And the ones who deal in hope? Shit, man.

TT: I'm scared of you already, and I'm not even real.
    
  
  
