
  
   
    
    GT: Are you sure you arent real?

GT: No offense but I kind of get the same smartass vibe from you as i do from the responder.

GT: Like har har i have the same basic personality as dirk but without any accountability or anything so let me just be kind of flippant and mess with this jake fellas head!

GT: You know what im saying?

TT: Yes.

TT: That's a surprisingly decent observation about me.

GT: Yeah see i think i maybe did a little TOO good of a job brain cloning you? This is way too much like talking to the REAL fake dirk.

GT: Holy cow what a dumb sentence that was.

TT: You did do a good job.

TT: A perfect job, in fact.

TT: Untapped potential, remember?

TT: I don't think one of Dirk's splinters could exist nearly as well in anyone's mind other than yours.

GT: Well thats just spiffy for me but im starting to feel somewhat like im being haunted by you now.

GT: I just want to talk to my real buddy. And by real i just mean the ORIGINAL GUY.

TT: What do you even want to say to him?

GT: Oh i dont know.

TT: It's not like you can keep any secrets from me here.

TT: I pretty much am your brain.

GT: Aaah! No dont say that its so weird.

TT: You do realize he's coming for you.

TT: Dirk. In the real world. The man has his designs.

GT: Yes. I know.

TT: Wanna talk about it?

GT: With you? No!! Thats like...

GT: Thats like talking to him about it which is like really jumping the gun i think.

TT: What better chance is there to try talking about it than with a stunt double for your hyper-aggressive suitor within the safety and privacy of your own mind?

GT: But i cant yet! I just cant.

GT: There are some feelings im not sure how to put into words yet and doing it in front of you whether youre a stunt double or brain puppet or whatever it just makes me feel uncomfortable!

TT: So there are feelings you don't want to try to put into words, even while you are dwelling entirely within the realm of your own mind?

GT: Yes.

GT: What is so hard to understand about that?

TT: What about the spider ghost?

GT: Huh?

TT: The girl you saw.

TT: When you got fucking clobbered by Dirk's robot and you passed out.

TT: You dreamed about a spider ghost alien girl.

GT: Oh yeah.

GT: What about her?

TT: You like her.

GT: Man what?

GT: Thats dumb i saw her for three seconds and she waved at me and i woke up!

TT: Yeah, and it took all of three seconds for you to fall in love with the cute spider ghost.

GT: Why do you keep calling her a ghost??

TT: Cause she's been dead for a zillion years, dude.

GT: Oh. Well.

GT: Holy shit?

TT: That won't change the fact that you like her, let's not pretend it will.

TT: You're going to make things complicated for yourself.

GT: No i wont.

TT: Yeah you will. You're too fuckin' wishy washy.

TT: Between Dirk, spider ghost, Jane...

TT: Man, poor Jane.

GT: What? What about jane?

TT: You tell me.

TT: What was even the deal with that?

GT: Our last chat ended on very pleasant and amicable terms! She was upbeat and chipper as ever. I fail to see what reason one might have to feel sorry for her.

TT: Uh, yeah. You totally read her like a book.

TT: Really handled that conversation like a champ.

GT: Wait... didnt i?

TT: Look out bitches. It's Jake "Casanova Ladyslayer" English. He's packing heat, and is frequently able to parse the literal meaning of things women say.

GT: What are you getting at!

TT: We're running out of time.

TT: She'll be here soon.

GT: Jane?!

TT: No, doofus.

TT: Spider ghost.

GT: Whoa.......

GT: Whoa ok.

GT: Where? Wait. She is??

GT: Oh fuck.

TT: Look at you. I'm telling you.

TT: Three damn seconds of ogling an alien in a blue dress, and you're completely hopeless.

TT: Stop fidgeting around like that. Your hair looks fine.

TT: Do you want me to tell you how your breath smells?

GT: Screw you!!!

GT: I am cool as SUCH a cucumber.

TT: Ok then.

GT: Uh.

GT: Why does my breath not smell ok?

TT: You're dreaming, Jake.

TT: Your breath is only a thing if your brain wants it to be.

GT: Oh okay whew.

GT: When is she coming? Why is she visiting my dreams?

TT: Soon.

TT: She's been waiting for the right time to enter. Waiting for you to snap out of the memory.

TT: Clearly the girl has the patience of a saint.

GT: Alright...

GT: Dang! Its warm in this dream bubble. How can i be sweating in a dream??

GT: Where do i keep the dream towels...

TT: Will you calm the fuck down?

TT: I'm a figment of your imagination, and you're still making me nervous.

GT: But really who is she? Whats her deal and what does she want from me?

GT: Since all this so called untapped potential in my subconscious taking the form of yet another sassy dirk clone seems to know everything would it be ok if i troubled my own brain for a few flipping answers???

TT: You should try to be more polite to me. Seeing as I am a representation of your entire mind, I have complete control over all your basic functions.

TT: I could trigger a particularly spirited bowel movement right before she gets here, so watch your step.

GT: Augh no no no im sorry im sorry dont!

TT: Just kidding, dude. Jesus.

TT: I would never make you shit your pants in front of a girl you liked, even if she does happen to be my chief competition.

TT: We Dirk splinters can be pretty Machiavellian but we do actually have some fuckin' standards.

GT: Okay. Thank you for promising to keep my trousers tidy.

TT: Anyway, she's visiting now to bring you into the loop on some things.

TT: Important details you should know about your relation to the bigger picture.

TT: The much, much bigger picture.

GT: I still dont understand how you know... or excuse me MY BRAIN knows this stuff. Because im a page? How does that make sense?

GT: And also if you know the things she will say why dont you just tell me the things?

TT: Intuition and the subconscious mind are powerful things when harnessed the right way.

TT: As for why I don't tell you, why not just let her tell you?

TT: You're the one with the damn crush on her.
    
  
  
