
  
   
    
    timaeusTestified [TT] began pestering gutsyGumshoe [GG]

TT: Shred it.

GG: What?

TT: you HAVE

TT: the car.

GG: Um.

TT: Now shred it.

TT: Turn it into grist.

GG: Oh!

GG: No!!

GG: I am not going to destroy my dad's car.

TT: We need grist though.

TT: I can't get any building done without more.

TT: Not to mention the fact that you're not going to be able to make any cool shit.

GG: There has to be a better way to gather up grist, though.

TT: Well, I think there are supposed to be monsters here.

TT: I haven't seen any monsters yet, have you?

GG: No, and I can't say I'm too disappointed.

TT: You should be though. Presumably they would drop grist and stuff when you kill them.

TT: Like treasure. And food products that restore your health. Or at least make you less hungry.

TT: Haven't you ever played a video game, Jane?

GG: Of course I have!

TT: That's cool. I haven't, since I am a pair of sunglasses, and communing with such simplistic software would be a trivial and hollow exercise for me.

TT: But I know loads of stuff about games. Like the fact that you gotta kill monsters if you want to make progress.

TT: If not to snatch up the bitchin' loot, at least for the levels.

GG: Levels?

TT: How are you going to get better at fightin' without killing monsters, Jane.

GG: I think I've done a fair job of scaling my echeladder without resorting to the slaughter of innocent, fictional monsters, thank you very much.

TT: Please.

TT: You've barely done any climbing at all. I'm talking about hopping more rungs than what playing a little prank on your dad or throwing your hat on the ground super hard is gonna get you.

TT: You need battle experience to make some real headway. Like Jake.

GG: I'm getting a little tired of various iterations of Dirk Strider telling me how I need to be more like Jake.

GG: I know you think Jake is neat. I know all the Dirks just ADORE Jake! I GET IT!

TT: Wow, chill out.

TT: This ain't about whatever stuff you're apparently fixin' to twist your shit in a pretzel over.

TT: You just need to get stronger, is all. Don't you think that's what your dad would want?

GG: You don't need to remind me about that. I'm suddenly having flashbacks to a few years ago when he would ambush me almost every day for a pointless round of strife.

GG: Boy does getting swatted with brooms and having cakes shoved in your face get old fast.

TT: Yeah, but in the process you got pretty handy with that fork/spoon thingy, didn't you?

GG: Well. Yes.

TT: I'm just saying, if you don't run into any monsters on this planet, I think I'm going to have to set the bunny to "sparring mode" to help you along.

GG: I am not going to spar with Lil Sebastian!!!

GG: He is too quick and deadly to fight with.

GG: And also, too adorable. :B

TT: Ok. We'll see about that.

TT: But in the meantime, we need to figure out a way to start harvesting grist.

TT: Let's forget the car. But now that you have the wallet, you can grab much bigger things.

TT: Big things have got to be worth more grist than all the picayune bullshit you keep around the house.

TT: There are some choice relics in this place. Some of it has to be worth a fortune, gristways.

GG: You could be right.

GG: I will give it a try.
    
  
  
