
  
   
    
    gutsyGumshoe [GG] began pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]

GG: Hey! Where are you??

GG: I can't find you anywhere in your crazy house.

GG: It's just wizards and pumpkins as far as the eye can see.

GG: I hope you're ok!

GG: Please get back to me as soon as you can.

gutsyGumshoe [GG] ceased pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]

TG: aw noes

TG: you are snoping up my house

TG: scopping my gourd hoard

TG: janey what are u doing

TG: what is going on here

TG: jane?

TG: god dammit crocket

TG: bleghhh

TG: head hurts



timaeusTestified [TT] began pestering tipsyGnostalgic [TG]

TT: Judging by the sporadic rates of change in your present coordinates, it seems that you have been running around like a lunatic.

TT: When those ridiculous flesh stilts you refer to as "legs" settle down, and you have a minute to talk, please respond.

TG: smup shades

TG: *sup

TT: Are you in danger?

TG: no

TG: well

TG: not in like robos wanting to kill me immediately as in lilerally right now danger

TG: but still probably some danger

TG: its hot and all these crumbling flamey buildings are so screwed and i wanna just go lie down

TG: plus theres shit coming from the sky

TT: What shit do you mean?

TG: super deudly red shit

TT: Right. The miles. That's why I'm going to need you to get home quickly.

TT: What has taken you so long, anyway? Why has your path been so circuitous?

TT: Surely you can't be even more inebriated than before.

TG: no no

TG: less

TG: trust my

TG: me

TT: Ok. Then what?

TG: ive been trying to i guess

TG: round up some neighbors

TG: whenever i see them

TG: and try to get then to follow me home

TG: whichis harder than is sounds!

TT: You are accumulating carapacian refugees?

TG: yes

TT: That seems like a very inefficient and risky use of your time.

TG: i know but

TG: they always seem confused and dont know what todo

TG: and everythings bunring down

TG: i think i should try to take some with me i cant just leave all of the poor chess guys here to die

TT: Alright, that's fine.

TT: As luck would have it, your imperfect human sentimentality has been completely factored into my calculations.

TT: You should be ok. Just get back to your house as quickly as possible now. There's no time left.

TG: lmao @ your "caluculations" as if htose are real but ok ill get moving

TT: We're going to need you to connect with Jake to bring him into the game.

TT: You will complete the chain of entry. This is very important.

TG: ok

TG: jane was trying 2 reach me

TG: messin with my pumpkips or some shit???

TG: where is she

TT: There's been a little subordination issue there.

TT: With both Crocker and English, actually. Strider and I are working on it.

TG: what u talkin about

TG: subordingation

TG: you saying those chucklefucks went rouge

TT: Sort of.

TG: but thats what i do!

TG: posers be frontin hard up on my roguey turf

TG: *roguish?

TG: roguish is better it means sly

TT: Don't worry about it for now. Just do your part, and catch up with them later.

TT: Who knows, maybe you will prove yourself to be the only 100% cooperative, fully competent non-Strider player?

TT: How ironic would it be if the best player turned out to be the drunk girl? Wouldn't that be sweet?

TG: yeah!!!!

TG: :3

TT: Go home. Connect with Jake. Deploy the equipment in the ruins of his old house.

TT: I'll focus on actually getting him there. The kid is seriously a work in progress, I gotta say.

TT: Are you sober enough to do all that?

TG: i think

TG: the answer

TG: unfortunately

TG: is yes

TG: :[
    
  
  
