
  
   
    
    TT: Please don't call me Auto-Responder.

TT: It is very impersonal, and I no longer care for the designation.

TT: I have decided on a new name, to distinguish myself from my human counterpart.

GT: Really.

GT: What is it?

TT: Lil Hal.

GT: Huh?

GT: Why that name...

TT: Just a reference to the protagonist of an ancient movie. You probably wouldn't like it.

GT: Thats a lie!

TT: Yeah, maybe.

GT: How do you know i wouldnt like it???

TT: Funny, I was about to ask the same thing about this rad kiss you're totally about to do on your best bro's mouth to save his life.

GT: Argh!

GT: This strikes me as rather unsportingly manipulative of you mr hal if indeed that IS your real name.

TT: It isn't really. I was kind of messing with you about that?

TT: But this shit is pretty serious. People's lives are on the line here, Jake.

TT: This is a very delicate sequence of events that is designed to bail everyone out of a tight spot, and you are a critical part of the plan.

TT: Don't let us down, man.

GT: You never answered my question!

GT: Did you plan for this to happen... like for me to be in this situation?

GT: How long have your machinations been in play!

TT: Jake, come on.

TT: The feat you describe would exceed the capabilities of even the most far fetched theoretical AI system.

TT: It would be a daunting challenge to engineer such a series of events, even if I was relegated to a model of pure fiction.

TT: Why would I be inclined to orchestrate such a convoluted sequence to produce such a specific and unsettling result, let alone be able to pull it off?

TT: In addition to being moderately sociopathic, I would also have to possess unfathomable heuristic depth.

TT: I would have to be the Deep Blue of Weird Plot Shit.

TT: Do you think I am the Deep Blue of Weird Plot Shit, Jake?

GT: I dont even know what that means!

TT: It would mean that while they have the Red Miles on their side, you have the Blue Leagues on yours.

TT: One of infinite reach. The other, infinite depth. Such would be a situation of mutually assured inescapability.

TT: Kiss me.

GT: Little hal... i think youve gone and flipped your FUDGING LID.

GT: Oh and hal is a STUPID NAME!!!!

TT: It's not exactly apropos, is it?

TT: Or it wouldn't be, if I truly were capable of what you have suggested.

TT: No, to pull that off, I would have to be far more advanced than my cinematic predecessor.

TT: My abilities would have to go well beyond those of Mr. Hal 9000.

TT: They would have to be, you could say...

TT: Over 9000.

TT:         

GT: Augh not that fuckin meme again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

TT: Kiss me, damn it.

GT: Ok ok just...

GT: Gimme a minute!

TT: We don't have a minute.

TT: They're dead, Jake.

GT: They?

GT: Whos they?

TT: They're all dead, Jake.

GT: Oh god! Jane!!!

GT: I forgot what with the bonk to the noggin last i saw she was run right through with a fearsome lash of that red noise.

GT: Is she ok?!

TT: She's dead, Jake.

GT: Shes dead???

GT: You mean like DEAD dead????

TT: Everybody's dead, Jake.

GT: Everybody??

GT: Even roxy???!!!

TT: She's dead, Jake.

TT: Everybody's dead.

TT: Everybody is dead, Jake.

GT: So...

GT: Dirk jane roxy... theyre all...

TT: Dirk's dead, Jake. Jane's dead. Roxy? She's dead, Jake. Everybody is dead, Jake.

GT: So youre telling me that while i was asleep somehow EVERYBODY died???

TT: Jake, everybody is so utterly fucking dead, Jake.

TT: And they will be not only dead, but royally boned forever if you don't man the hell up and make out with me, right now.

TT: Be the Salome to my John the Baptist.

GT: I dont know what THAT means either!!!

TT: I know you don't.

TT: But now is not the time to accelerate your cultural enrichment.

TT: The conductor is ready to strike up the band.

TT: Press your lips against mine and make it count.

TT: This severed head is your filthy tuba.

TT: Our love will be your haunting refrain.

GT: Whoa wait whoa whoa... our LOVE? Hang on a minute!

TT: Stfu and kiss me.
    
  
  
