
  
   
    
    TT: Jane, you know,

TT: We probably should have talked about this Jake stuff a long time ago.

GG: Tell me about it.

TT: I don't know if I was kidding myself all those years that there was a conflict of interest between us, or what.

GG: Same.

TT: Maybe I was just pretending your feelings for him weren't a factor because my pursuit of him was already overcomplicated enough.

TT: Or maybe it was more like I was aware of them, but on some level decided they shouldn't matter, because I felt like you had a natural advantage over me.

TT: Cause you know. You're like.

TT: Not a dude.

GG: But I always felt you had the advantage over me too!

GG: Because you're... YOU.

GG: You make things happen, and I don't.

TT: Yeah well. Turns out maybe that's not such a good quality if you wanna make a relationship last longer than three seconds. At least not in my case.

TT: I know I ripped into him pretty hard when I had the clown hair and the little soda can on my head.

TT: But the truth is I was pretty goddamn overbearing.

TT: Sometimes I look back on stuff and think I might have essentially bullied him into a relationship with me.

TT: Actually, it's more complicated than that. Parts of me were operating independently from myself.

TT: So it's like I was bullying myself into bullying him into liking me. If that makes sense.

GG: It doesn't really. But that's fine. :B

TT: Anyway, my insanity scared him right the fuck off. There were times when I basically treated him like shit without even realizing it, and I regret it.

TT: I should probably tell him that, but given how I just called him an asshole while wearing orange suspenders, I'm probably the last person he wants to hear from now.

GG: Clearly we both used some poor judgment.

GG: Looking back, it seems crazy to me that we both jeopardized our friendship over a mutual infatuation with, let's face it, one spectacularly goofy kid.

TT: Can we both at least agree we may have overrated the allure of Jake English?

GG: YES.

TT: Maybe if we could have talked to each other about him it would have helped. Like talked about why we felt that way about him.

TT: At least maybe it would have helped us knock English down from the ludicrous pedestal we put him on.

GG: Yeah. That might have saved us a lot of grief.

GG: It's not like I hate him now, even though that's probably what he thinks. He's still my friend.

GG: But the extent to which I centered my whole life around a childish fantasy about him is just painfully embarrassing in hindsight.

GG: I wonder if I'll ever be able to look at him again without feeling miserable about myself?

TT: So does that mean we're both totally over him now? I can't really tell.

GG: Me neither. :\

TT: I guess the real problem is our clique was too small.

TT: Poor Jake was the only viable romantic target. I mean, considering our respective orientations.

TT: Maybe we just never knew enough people?

GG: Perhaps.

GG: Or maybe we just don't need anybody.

GG: As anything other than friends, I mean.

TT: In the interest of appeasing the bitterness gods, let's go with the latter.
    
  
  
