   1758
hey, happy birthday jade!
whew ok, i got your present in the mail JUST on time.
plus i sent rose's and dave's too.
why do your guys'es birthdays got to be all bunched together like that??? you are running me ragged!
i can't wait for you to see what i got you. i don't want to spoil it or anything but hopefully it will help you solve those problems you've been having lately.
MYSTERIOUS WINK ;)
oh man.
i am such an idiot, i forgot about how long it takes you to get stuff.
ARGH.
ok well i hope so.
oh god.
the trolls again?
they have been such a pain in the ass lately.
it seems like there are so many.
there are either like fifty of these retards or it's one guy with a lot of alt accounts.
what do they want with us!!!
oh hell no, shittiest pranksters ever.
oh wow, what? years??
ok, well i am sick of them.
i've been thinking of changing my pesterchum handle to throw them off the trail.
so...
i guess i'm gonna do that.
hey, happy birthday jade!
whew ok, i got your present in the mail JUST on time.
plus i sent rose's and dave's too.
why do your guys'es birthdays got to be all bunched together like that??? you are running me ragged!
i can't wait for you to see what i got you. i don't want to spoil it or anything but hopefully it will help you solve those problems you've been having lately.
MYSTERIOUS WINK ;)
oh man.
i am such an idiot, i forgot about how long it takes you to get stuff.
ARGH.
ok well i hope so.
oh god.
the trolls again?
they have been such a pain in the ass lately.
it seems like there are so many.
there are either like fifty of these retards or it's one guy with a lot of alt accounts.
what do they want with us!!!
oh hell no, shittiest pranksters ever.
oh wow, what? years??
ok, well i am sick of them.
i've been thinking of changing my pesterchum handle to throw them off.
so...
i guess i'm gonna do that.
uuuuugh
?
well
i guess you're not too bad a troll if this is all you do.
just laughing and stuff.
hehe
hehehehehehe
uh...
hi...?
ha ha, what?
so you're a time traveler?
so let me see if i have this straight...
you are a time traveling space alien from the future, sent here to study humans?
are you from mars? is it a mission of peace?
what does your time machine look like? a phone booth? phone booths are a popular thing for some reason.
were you lured to earth by a huge gyroscopey thing that jodie foster piloted in contact, while matthew mcconaughey sort of acted as her spiritual guide i guess...
and then he kind of preached to her about having faith instead of believing in the sciences so hard all the time, and i guess in the end she believed him, maybe?
actually, im not even sure what the point of mcconaughey was in that movie. but he was still awesome.
and then jodie found her dad on an alien planet... but i think he was a ghost or something? or maybe an alien in disguise.
and then she went home and nobody believed her, but you just KNOW mcconaughey believed her.
because he had all the faith. and i mean ALL OF IT.
anyway, does that have any applicability to your cosmic interstellar astrojourney?
pff, i know i'm dumber than rose, that is not much of a burn, dude!
oh, sorry.
i don't know why i thought you were.
were you trolling rose too?
TIME TRAVEL TROLLING???
oh boy, let me go put on my quantum space hat, and extra terrestrial adventure boots, and you can tell me all about it.
ha ha ha. i don't follow!
hahaha! oh man, you blew it!
now i know for sure you're trolling me. rose hates that movie.
possibly! i know that sure didn't sound like her.
but i think it's more likely that you made it all up cause you know i like that movie.
so i tip my cap to you, well played miss troll!
ok well, just between you and me...
SOMEONE here is getting trolled.
and it just might be all three of us.
but you shoulda told me you liked little monsters!
we could jam about that. what was your favorite part?
i really want to get a little monsters poster, but they're hard to find!
i asked my dad for one for christmas. fingers crossed!
yup, that sure keeps sounding alien of you.
keep up the good work!
listen, i'm kind of busy, i have to wrap this present and mail it in a hurry.
so i'm going to block you!
but i might unblock you again soon, because you're kinda cool.
yeah well...
you might just hear from me!
also, you should give rose another chance.
she is really great! whatever she did, she was probably just pulling her mind games on you, it's all in fun.
there is more to her than that, you'll see.
bye!
auuugh!
excuse me, alien time troll, but i am TRYING to wrap a present.
really, you all have the worst timing.
nope, not going to ask how you know my name, or what i'm sending, don't care.
and one of these ugly garments is for me, also, it's not ugly, it's awesome.
uh oh, my mouse is hovering dangerously close to the block button!
it always does that when i talk to trolls, it is the dangdest thing.
oh sweet, that has been on my wish list, ranking just below a mint condition little monsters poster, starring hollywood superstar, howie mandel.
can i expect it to arrive on my next birthday??
the mandel poster, or immortality?
i see, here is where all the sick trolling begins!
you can keep your present, i am not interested.
sigh...
the other troll i just talked to was way better, if a tad grumpy, at least she was down with talking about cool movies, sort of.
that's nice. now scram, troll!
ok, you got me!
my feathers are all ruffled, and i can no longer tell my ass apart from a big orange earth vegetable!
now can you leave me alone?
that is basically the worst pickup line i have ever heard.
blurp durp bluh, more plausible alien sounding things.
weren't you leaving?
ok then...
oh.
why?
it isn't?
ok.
is this conversation over now? can i keep packing my present?
well,
i was going to block you. but then...
i didn't for some reason.
i guess i am feeling something like deja vu... maybe.
i still don't think i believe you, though.
i don't even know who you are!!!
what did you ask for?
was this after you killed me, and gave me immortality?
about what?
you mean, hanging out?
oh god, this is so ridiculous. you are just a crazy troll on the internet, and i need to get back to packing up this present for my friend! we are not going to hang out, i'm sorry.
what will that accomplish?
so.
it seems that you are, in fact, an alien. with horns and everything.
huh.
i don't know. aliens usually have big spooky eyes, don't they?
haha, you mean mac and me? yeah, even i can admit that movie was indefensible.
i can accept that you are an alien, but come on. meeting an alien who is also a GHOST in my front yard is a bit much to believe.
it is almost too awesome.
hmm...
nope. sounds cool though.
yeah, i thought you looked pretty cold out here.
so i brought you this jacket.
hey, your clothes switched suddenly.
was that some kind of alien wardrobe warpifying technology?
such as a warpdrobe, if you will?
you look pretty cool in more normal clothes. not that your space boots and pixie outfit weren't neat.
um, i don't know about that, really.
it just seemed like the nice thing to do.
is...
is this a date?
ok, that's probably for the best.
i would probably be pretty nervous on a date with a normal girl, let alone on a...
DATE WITH AN ALIEN SPACE GHOST!!!
heheheheheheh.
well...
since i am presuming you are new to the planet...
i could show you around the place.
this is my green slime ghost pogo ride, in all its glory.
in my childhood, it was hours of fun, and hundreds of painful injuries.
nope.
um.
not... really?
humans just don't really have much use for slime, i guess.
honestly, i can't think of a single practical use for slime, other than to be gross!
anyway, this thing is kind of a death trap, and i haven't ridden it for years.
i think my dad had it installed as one of his ridiculous ways of making a man out of me.
yeah.
parents, right? haha.
anyway, that's my back yard. pretty damn boring, sorry.
i would show you inside, but i don't think my dad would take too kindly to bringing an alien inside.
or, just yet. i would need to brace him for it.
i could show you around my neighborhood, if you want.
these are my neighbors, who live in a lot of same looking houses as mine.
i never see them. i think they're all really busy people with a lot of serious business to attend to.
hey, look.
the snow is melted over here.
it's really warm suddenly. weird.
no, this is pretty unusual december weather.
guess i'll take my coat off.
i can take yours back, if you want.
there is not really much to see in this town...
but there are these lakes.
this lake here did not used to be a lake. a long time ago, before i was born, there was a factory here.
my dad says there was a huge explosion. he was walking by with my nanna when he saw it.
then a little later, my nanna died. my dad never told me how, except that it involved a big joke book.
i never knew her, which is too bad. she sounded nice.
you did?
ok!
wow, really?
hmm.
that all sounds incredible if true, but i don't have even the foggiest memory of that happening!
the tour... of earth?
what's happening?
where?
how is this happening?
is this through the advanced alien technologies?
like holograms, or teleportations?
where are we?
oh, cool.
and what's that, over there?
it's a castle!!!
you built it?
oh gosh.
so rad.
i think i know what you mean.
i feel like a long time ago, i might have given my dad the impression i really liked clowns?
and now there are clowns everywhere, his stupid collection just keeps growing and growing, and it drives me CRAZY.
heheh.
8O
:(
holy shit, look at these glittering space riches!
What's with the broken eight balls?
haha, more eight balls!!!
you sure do like to smash them.
what are you wearing?
is that a rocket car stuck in the web over there?
what's that about?
there's something really familiar about that rocket...
what's happening?
are we back on earth?
it's my house again. why are we here?
i was having fun seeing your planet!
this is my dad's room.
but...
i have never been inside of it.
so why do i recognize it?
i think...
there were some birthday presents for me in here.
but i can't recall which birthday that was.
but i'm 12!
oh yeah.
i remember this.
there were these imps all over my house, acting all rambunctious.
but... why?
it's all so hazy.
where is my dad?
no.
sorry.
hey, look!
that's my dad.
what's he doing here?
i've missed the heck out of him.
though i'm not sure why. he should be safe at home right now.
i guess i must have lost track of him. but i don't remember how.
all i know is i have this feeling like i should run over and give him a hug.
are you a psychic alien? like the one who jodie foster met in contact, and assumed the form of her dead father to talk to her?
i see. so it is not me who is jodie foster. it's more like you are jodie, because nobody believed her when she came home and had amazing tales to tell.
except matthew mcconaughey.
but it's ok. i will be your matt mcconaughey.
i guess i always did, sort of.
i think i've been in denial about what's happening here.
so if this isn't my dad, then where is he?
no. not at all.
i am remembering a bunch of things, but not that.
no.
i only remember when you contacted me and said you'd kill me a little earlier.
but that was months ago.
i do remember talking to some other trolls like you.
and playing this game. it was on my 13th birthday. i was really looking forward to playing it, but it was late in the mail.
i got some presents from my dad. like this big weird clown doll that i didn't like much.
and some fruit gushers...
oh yeah! i also realized gushers were made by betty crocker. that freaked me the fuck out!
did YOU realize betty crocker makes gushers???
well she does. her villainy knows no bounds.
oh.
he also gave me this suit, which i remember wearing for a while.
but it didn't look quite like this.
it had a black tie, and no ghost, so i improved it.
actually...
i remember dying in a suit.
but
this was not the suit i was wearing when i died.
Jane!
Forgive my botherations. I know this is meant to be a spanking ripsnorter of a day for you and all.
But do you happen to know where the devilfucking dickens mr strider might be?
Egad...
*Loosens collar a bit.*
Shoot.
I really need to ask him something but hes got his blasted auto responder turned on.
He wouldnt be pleased to hear you say that.
It most certainly does and time is of the essence!
Today is the day i have to finish it and send it. Not a day later!
So you see why i am feeling really friggin discombobulated at the moment.
No!
It is for your grandfather simply to be *relayed* to him by my grandmother. A joint gift to him from she and i.
What? Who and you now?
Oh for frigs flipping sake jane this is no time for your prudish pedantry! Leave your bookish malarkey in a dusty old library somewhere. I have an adventure to get on with!
Bingo. *double pistols and a wink*
Please jane we have addressed this.
I am sending the gift back in time to when they are both alive and about our age.
Or...
Something like that. Something funny is going on here that i have not fully grappled yet but dag nab it if im not gonna see it through.
Are you being fresh with me now?
Look jane i know youve never believed me and you think everything i say is some big cockamamie goofoff but i think today of all days is when you should start taking some things more seriously.
Especially since i have always had your back. I have always believed in you!
Is that so!
Oh my. *glasses fog up. fumbles for kerchief.*
What was i doing there?
Too true.
Let us reconvene later and sort out all this shit at a leisurely pace.
Okay you too jane! Bye!
Ahoy madame!
Im determined as ever to see this through. But as usual events have conspired to make a boondoggle of the prospect.
I think i might be fucked.
Terry needs fuel and i dont have any left. I think im at striders dubious mercy for a solution YET AGAIN.
I will have to ask him for help. And soon.
Yes i will.
But also...
Theres the matter of the rabbits armaments.
I dont imagine hell do a lot of friggin good in helping grandfather crocker from kicking the old bucket without them.
Did you not say youd supply these?
You did??
When?
I see...
Yes it sure is if that is the case.
Then all thats left to do is find power for it...
Oh and also enough power for the stupid transmateriabob. Augh!
So much to do before shuttling this goddamn thing into the past.
I mean...
That is what im doing right? Giving it to my grandma when she was a kid growing up on the same island i did?
These are among the dadblasted causal spoilers you refuse to dish out?
Im not sure i completely followed that but ok.
So you are still in contention that i will meet our elders as youths?
Ah ha! Then i WILL be traveling through time. I knew it.
Or... they will be. Whichever it is.
Which is it, btw?
Fffff.
Oh.
Well shit!
This is frightfully exciting. I would love to meet them.
I never got to know my grandma very well and it always seemed like she led an amazing and adventurous life.
Then this seemed to be proven true in my correspondence with her. So im really looking forward to it.
I remember you mentioned your race doesnt really jive with ours familially speaking?
Well yes ours do too. But generally we have all these other people in between them and the most recent ones are called parents.
so i guess you do not have those? Like systemically?
well neither did i!!!
Miss alien i think we are like birds of a feather you and i.
When do i get to learn your name by the way?
But...
Wait!
There are still some things id like to know!
About today! About this game!
Yes fine fine ok i will but...
Just please tell me in the least causally spoilery way possible...
What are we even trying to accomplish here? What is even the rootin tootin POINT of this game?
Bro.
Ahem.
Are you there?
I hate to be a pest about this and i know ive made a hearty trouble of myself a good deal lately...
I should preface this request with an overture of appreciation.
For how much your cool and brotherly friendship means to me.
It has just been...
Absolutely *bully* having a standup gent like you in my corner.
Just a grade a dude whos a cut above the others in class and camaraderie.
Phew... *gropes for fresh kerchief.*
I hope this shit isnt coming across as platitudinous. I really mean it!
I...
Oh. Yes! But of course.
The ironies!
Good grief how i was bandying them just now. You know me dude.
*Blows smoke off red hot irony pistol.*
*NONSUGGESTIVELY!!!!!*
Um.
Yeah.
Pshaw! As if i would be so reckless with the stuff.
I would have to be mighty irresponsible to run out already.
No no im all set in the uranium department and really when you take a look at the big picture youll find i am *sitting pretty* when it comes to just about any radioactive isotope you could mention.
However...
My backup reserves that i keep strictly for emergencies are running a little lean!
You know what my grandma taught me about preparedness. *Tugs at colorful lapels.*
Christ what an insufferable awesome friend you are.
Ok can you please just sendificate me some more already?? Im in kind of a hurry!
What?
Oh i know you would its just...
Damn it man ive told you this is just something i have to do myself.
Its a promise i made to jade and im going to live up to it even if im not the best or even second best robosmith i know!
Frig!!!!!
Why not???
Ok then! Im halfassing it!
Look. See? Only a bisected bottom is present! Where is the other half you ask?
Why... it is nowhere to be found. I didnt use it!
Jesus christmas you are such a fucking douche.
I knew you were going to suggest this. I dont know why i bothered asking!
Strider why must you always be such an obstinate stick in the mud???
Wait...
"It seems"??
Oh for fucks sake.
This is your auto responder.
Har har har!
Just soooo "*irooooonic*!!!" Quotes quotes quotes.
Im laughing my caboose STRAIGHT OFF THE TRACKS! A lot of families just died in the tragic derailment.
Laughter isnt an emotion dickprince!
Man its so flipping obvious.
You start getting kind of extra technical and vague and automoton like.
And kind of aloof and brusque.
I mean...
Even aloofier and brusquier than usual!
Also you use the phrase "it seems" a lot. Its so silly it really blows the AI immersion man.
Ok then check this out mr legit human dude.
Excuse me sir not to be a bother but could you please tell me all about this strider fellows auto responder?
You see!
Because you always say shit like that after i catch wise to your games.
You as in the auto responder!!!
Oh yeah?
Hey. Tell me about the auto responder. Make it snappy shitknickers!
Gee dude you sure typed that exact same thing pretty fast.
Are you still fucking with me??
You always type that answer!!!!!
Uuuuuuugh.
I cant stand this. Every time we do this and i just wind up whistling sweet dixie out of my bum hole!
This is pointless im not having this conversation unless its with my REAL LIFE FRIEND. THE ONE WITH HUMAN FEELINGS WHO ISNT A PRETEND PERSON INSIDE SUNGLASSES.
Jane!
Forgive my botherations. I know this is meant to be a spanking ripsnorter of a day for you and all.
But do you happen to know where the devilfucking dickens mr strider might be?
Egad...
*Loosens collar a bit.*
Shoot.
I really need to ask him something but hes got his blasted auto responder turned on.
He wouldnt be pleased to hear you say that.
It most certainly does and time is of the essence!
Today is the day i have to finish it and send it. Not a day later!
So you see why i am feeling really friggin discombobulated at the moment.
No!
It is for your grandfather simply to be *relayed* to him by my grandmother. A joint gift to him from she and i.
What? Who and you now?
Oh for frigs flipping sake jane this is no time for your prudish pedantry! Leave your bookish malarkey in a dusty old library somewhere. I have an adventure to get on with!
Bingo. *double pistols and a wink*
Please jane we have addressed this.
I am sending the gift back in time to when they are both alive and about our age.
Or...
Something like that. Something funny is going on here that i have not fully grappled yet but dag nab it if im not gonna see it through.
Are you being fresh with me now?
Look jane i know youve never believed me and you think everything i say is some big cockamamie goofoff but i think today of all days is when you should start taking some things more seriously.
Especially since i have always had your back. I have always believed in you!
Is that so!
Oh my. *glasses fog up. fumbles for kerchief.*
What was i doing there?
Too true.
Let us reconvene later and sort out all this shit at a leisurely pace.
Okay you too jane! Bye!
Oh hey!
Dammit!
What is it now?
In regard to what exactly?
Whose proposal now? Man what are you even prattling about.
You mean making the rabbit for me?
Oh yeah.
Well ive thought about it.
Even went downstairs to check the great vaulty doodad.
And predictably the infernal contraption is nowhere to be found.
I do!
I mean i wouldnt put it in a way like that or come out against a solid policy of clean trousers. But yes adventure is awesome.
I just prefer the idea of adventures which i can actually win.
Well...
I dunno.
It seems it seems it seems!!!
It seems there is a million percent chance that you say it seems way too much and do it just to sound more like a lame robot from a movie and also probably just to piss me off!
And it seems there is a BILLION POINT BILLION percent chance that youre a shitty stubborn jerk of a program who wont listen to reason and that if theres even a 1% chance my REAL LIFE FRIEND would be cool and help me out here then i think i LIKE THOSE FREAKIN ODDS!!!!!
Oh malarkey.
YOU ARE A TIN CAN. ROBOTS DONT HAVE FEELINGS.
Oh.
Um.
Im sorry then if thats the case.
It can just be difficult to drum up sympathy for a program that presents itself as an impostor so often.
Maybe if you werent so ready to insist you were the genuine article all the time? Or didnt make it so confusing for me...
I think it would be best if we henceforth treated you as a totally distinct... uh... THING from my buddy.
And then i could respect your emotional robofeelings and you could respect that sometimes maybe i just want to talk to my bro without a lot of spurious hijinks.
Can we agree to this?
Uh to what?
Oh.
Yeah fine i guess.
Man where IS he anyway???
Is he taking one of his legendary infinite showers?
Frig ok.
Whatever i guess its time to prepare for the thrill of the hunt!
Sigh...
But seriously that brobot has been the bane of my existence ever since you sent it.
Yeah whatever.
I didn't expect it to be nigh impossible to spar with!!!
Yes.
I know.
Ive tried that.
Its just...
Well...
When hes pulling punches...
And taking it all easy and such...
And we start wrestling up a storm and whatnot...
Umm.
Its just that the whole proceeding seems to become...
A bit tender for my liking.
No i know.
Its all fine and dandy martially speaking.
Just the way he...
Sort of...
Man its so awkward trying to convey this just never mind.
No no.
Really never mind!
Oh come on dude.
...
But gosh does your prose ever make a fella feel uncomfortable.
Oh right. My mistake.
Awww maaaan!
But now hell be impossible!
Fuckin.......
SHUCKS buster. :(
Ive barely even begun!
Youre off to a sluggish start then too i gather?
Not exactly.
His stupid doppelglasses have set me on a wild goose chase to go pry his dumb robots chest open and swipe its uranium.
No shit.
I think id rather deal with the monsters.
I know right???
Dont do it jane its a trap!!!
Hell no. I spent so much time haggling with those confounded shades im only leaving my room just now.
Oh yeah!
I was curious about that. Tell me everything and make it snappy!
*Whips up bucket of freshly popped corn.*
Well shoot.
Ok then lay it on me jane.
Oh. Wouldnt it be prospits moon?
That was skaia!
Haha i WISH.
I have received reports from jade about this as well. She liked to talk about her dreams on prospits moon a lot.
No but why would she? This was long before we were born! She was dreaming there like a hundred years ago or something.
Yeah those are prospitians.
They have these hard carapace shells and also have something to do with chess i think?
Like...
Sad?
Hey.
Jane you said i was in this dream. Where do i come in?
The page?
Whos that?
Oh.
Drat.
Are you sure?
Haha yeah. I see your point.
Roger that janey!
And um same goes for you about being careful what with these various rogues accosting you with foul play lately and whatnot...
Because well i sure do care a lot about you too you know that.
Booyeah!
Ok good luck jane and keep me posted! C ya.
Heh heh.
Howdy!
What is all this commotion about?
Ah ok then. Hello it is!
Im not really abreast of the raddest jargon that the cool kids toss about these days.
Maybe because i live alone on an island? I dont know but in any case are you referring to my upcoming birthday?
I see. Very thoughtful of you to consider so early!
I dont wager i could advise with much specificity but i can all but assure you i will find any gesture of yours to be totally capital!
Um... *wrings at kerchief with perspiring mitts*
Yes?
I do want to know what you think!
I always want to know. Because you are always smart and sassy.
Should what now?
Why not?
Well...
Whore bibles notwithstanding i have it on terrific authority that playing this game will be incredibly important!
So perhaps youre right maybe we are part of her evil plan? But does that also necessarily rule out that good will come of it?
Agreed. :D
Intinerwhosit?
Oh. Is there such an itinerary?
Where are you getting this intel? Did you guys make a plan or something?
Ooh, these illicit hacked warez which i heartell were recently jimmied piping hot off the interclouds?
The silicon pickpocket strikes again!!! Whom is the wiser? Nobody.
Yeah?
What?
!!!!!?
Uh...
Hogswallop! Why would you even think that?
Thats so stupid.
Fair enough. When i get back from my errand ill situate myself at the trusty old husktop. Acceptable?
Then you have decided to play in spite of your reservations?
Bravo!
Of course i do.
What sort of friend would i be if not?
She has her ways. I believe they are not incongruous with those of an intelligent and discerning young woman.
Heh. I guess.
Right o! If a man believes hard enough in imaginary things then i dare say that makes them slightly less fake!
It is?
Talk about what?
You mean how um...
Well a way in which i suppose...
Jane is prone to looking upon me with what i fathom to be more than just friendly affection?
Its a tricky issue. And you know i adore jane and please dont think i havent given some thought to...
Well that angle on our relationship i guess.
Oh. Yeah i can see the dilemma this causes for your friendship with her.
Ill drop it.
Haha oh my.
Nothing is escaping that lovely ladys whistlemaker! Its shut tight as a drum!!
Whoa wait i hope that didnt sound dirty...
Ok but may i say this?
If in the future i would like to bring up certain topics completely unsolicited by one who may be sworn to secrecy on those very matters...
And im in need of i guess neutral and totally non compromising advice from a friend do you think that miss zuipperpips might unseal those scandalous metal choppers for a bit?
Fuck that also sounded kinda dirty!!! God dammit.
Wait what?
Oh. Im sure it is but i dunno how much crying im going to be doing...
Probably none i think.
Great!
Yeaaaah...
Well.
Like i said the whole thing is complicated. Best not to get into it all until im ready to you know...
Really start manhandling these bushel loads of prickly pears.
The pears being the tricky subjects in question.
Metaphorically.
Nah its cool.
Sigh...
Yes.
Oh most certainly.
I was actually just getting all of my final affairs in order when you messaged me.
I was to bequeath to you all my WAB posters.
Weekend at bernies dammit!!!!!!
:(
I still dont really get the wiggling thing but no what?
Wow...
Thanks i think???
Bro.
Your contraption and its busy fists just royally kicked my ass.
And that sure as god made little green apples isnt all there is to say on the matter!
Are you listening my friend???
Ill have you know my ass was straightup served ice cold.
My savaged caboose has been catered to impeccably.
Not unlike that of a gentleman stranded on an island inhabited by a race of indigenous butlers.
I hope the far fetched scenario i have described has adequately communicated the severity of my robotic buttwhoopin!
Does this mean i passed the test or whatever the fuck.
Can your robot drop the bullshit and give me the uranium now or what?
Dirk???
Where the frig are you?
Aw nuts.
I still cant find dirk all i get is his jerkwad shades.
Surprise sur freakin prise.
Oh.
No?
I cant see that actually.
Just seeing if you had heard from him yet.
I would really like to speak with him today.
You know like actually in person instead of through his aggravating liaison who is so far up his own ass with this hal 9000 schtick its ridonkulous.
Is he avoiding me or something?
I hope i didnt piss him off through some indiscernible slight. Gosh he can be sensitive.
Huh.
Well okey doke.
Man i just had a crazy dream after getting coldcocked by his roughhouse droid.
What?
Well i dont want to alarm you or anything...
But it may just have featured none other than THE GIRL OF MY DREAMS????????
She had sharp funny horns and a nice blue dress and she may have been some sort of spidery vampire? I dunno. It was very brief but she waved to me.
What wont?
The jakestakes?
Also who said she was an alien? I just thought she was some kind of pretty monster.
Ok i mean this is a strange reaction roxy but ok.
She was a figment of my imagination so what choice do i even have?
About anything? Yes i do imagine our last chat could fit that description.
Not really.
On what?
Sure.
But what are you talking about?
Should i expect a serious exchange about feelings and whatnot?
Wait would this be about certain unrequited pinings you may have alluded to earlier?
Indubitably. Miss zipper lips was it? Humorously misspelled of course.
I guess i cant help but wonder if that truly is the way she sees me or if it is just some wild ego stroking delusion on my part.
I always get this sense that people sorta fancy me but who knows i could be just miles off the old rocker about that!
Youre right i think its high time we cleared the air on some things even if there is a chance it gets all awkward and prickly.
That is what being brave and adventurous is all about after all. It isnt just about summoning the courage to pilfer some priceless loot from trap laden catacomb. Or shooting at stuff with two guns at once.
There are treacheries of the heart to consider!!!
Are you in danger?
Hmm.
Aloha madame.
Yes i have heard that maybe your correspondence was forthcoming.
I just got off the horn with roxy.
Well. Not anything all that specific.
Oh you know how it is. What with her ways.
You know... ways!
I believe they are not incongruous with those of a feisty and provocative young woman.
No its really not like that!
Hold on...
God dammit.
Its just dirks inscrutable wrestlebot acting up over there.
What the fuck is it doing now?
If by causing trouble you mean clobbering the everfriggin tar out of me while still switched to the "novice" setting then yes.
But that is not why i messaged you!!! I will not be deterred here jane.
Jane i think its time we had an honest to goodness dame to fella talk. Like about our...
Stuff. You know?
Our feelings.
Like how we feel about each other.
I dont think im out of line in suggesting weve been tiptoeing around some things here do you?
I think so. Its just a hunch.
Absolutely!
I feel that total honesty between us will be the best policy as we begin our journey together.
So i say lets put all the facts on the table where we can both see them.
With that in mind i would like to ask you a question jane and i hope it doesnt strike you as being too forward.
Maybe its just my imagination but ive picked up on certain lets say hints.
So i have to just come out and ask. Hoo boy this is actually proving to be a serious challenge to my bravery now that im going through with it.
Im getting a little hot under the collar here!
Ok then.
What id like to know is...
Do you like me jane?
I mean do you like me as more than a friend?
Do you envision us as like...
An item? A romantic pairing of sorts?
Is that the direction in which you would prefer our relationship to progress?
Please! Be honest with me jane.
Just come out and say it. Do you fancy me?
I see.
Very well then.
Jeez i mustve really misread that one! I feel like kind of a bone head now.
Are you sure the answers no?
Yes fair enough.
I guess i did put you on the spot there didnt i.
You know it may sound cocky of me but i really was not prepared for this answer!
You must think im just this epic friggin tool now. Couldnt say id disagree if you did.
Now jane lets not backpedal here.
Youve spoken the truth and i greatly appreciate and respect you for that.
But now that i think about it you know what?
Please dont take this the wrong way but your answer is actually kind of a relief!
I consider you to be a lovely lady of the highest caliber and i really think any gent worth his salt would be a huge bozo to let the chance to go steady with you slip through his fingers.
Ive even given the possibility some thought myself.
Sure im only human jane im going to entertain lets say certain ideas. What ifs. You know?
Like what if we did meet up some day? And you asked me out or something. Im sure id say yes given all weve been through together and then well who knows?
Probably but im kind of babbling here. The point is those are all just silly daydreams about stuff and about your feelings for me that i was projecting on you which werent even real.
And now that weve been honest with each other about this we can kind of move on and just be great friends.
And its a load off to be honest because that was lot to think about on top of everything else!
Things are kind of complicated for me jane. With you and roxy and dirk and his crazy responder and now...
Well its a tangled web lets just put it that way.
There are a fuckload of irons in the fire jane!
So many irons in the fire. Such a tangled web. It is a web full of flaming irons.
Exactly. See? You get it.
Oh son of a bitch!
The robot is being weird again.
Its having some sort of mental episode.
See this is what im talking about jane. This is what im dealing with here.
Sigh. Like i said my life is many different hells of complicated.
Youre right. I did say honesty was the best policy didnt i so i might as well not keep certain things so close to the vest anymore.
Actually since youve made your feelings apparent and only see me as a friend that makes it a lot easier!
Maybe you could help me sort out some stuff that has been weighing on me lately?
Jane are you alright?
You seem to be exclaiming more liberally than usual.
Thats aces. Jane youre a sweetheart.
So as i was saying.
I cant help but feel like all this stuff going on with dirk like his responders mind games and his brobots mysterious and brutal hazings...
Are all like...
Man i know this is going to sound crazy.
Like theyre all part of a really long term and esoteric courtship process that is bizarre but somehow makes perfect sense in his mind.
Yes from dirk.
To you know...
Woo me.
I know its hard to believe but i know dirk pretty well and...
Well im more than a little sure he likes me in that way if you catch my drift.
And what with how he is...
Just so relentless and aggressive about everything you know?
So i just start to wonder deep down if maybe its inevitable.
Him and me. As more than just best buddies.
I know if he has his heart set on something he will never let up.
So maybe its just going to happen and things will be easier that way and i should just try to come to terms with it?
Yeah.
Um.
Like i said jane i am inclined to entertain certain ideas and what ifs thats all.
I mean we do get along really well and share a lot of interests.
Im not saying im really GUNG HO TO THE MAX about the proposition but yeah ive given it some thought.
I dunno.
Do you think thats weird of me? For even considering it?
Really?
What jane?
Thats really swell of you to say that.
Have i mentioned what a top notch friend you are jane?
Now please dont take me as saying im about to go leaping into his arms or anything.
That would be a bit brash.
Haha could you imagine??
But my thought process sort of went like this.
Hes been my best friend forever and ive always liked him a lot as a bro.
And years ago i used to joke around with him that we would probably be totally into each other if he was a girl.
But of course that was before i started to realize he was probably serious about those feelings for me regardless.
Heheh come to think of it maybe that was unwittingly poor form on my part kind of leading him on or something?
But then...
Later i started thinking.
Maybe i was being kind of unfair to him in the first place?
I mean by saying we would be a good match only if he was a girl.
Like is that last condition there really all THAT important?
Does that make sense?
You are incredibly understanding jane. Thank you so much for listening.
I have never told anyone all that. Its so great to have a friend as good as you.
If we hadnt cleared the air just now i probably never would have had the gumption to talk about it with you.
Its so cool how you were honest with me about how you felt. I think honesty is always the best policy. I cant believe how much i was overcomplicating all this in my head.
Haha the situation is really pretty funny when you think about it.
Um...
Well...
He basically sent me that thing as kind of a sparring partner.
Like to wrestle with.
And i love to wrestle!
And yeah i guess he programmed it to be a bit overzealous but i mean what do you expect from the guy.
I think its his way of training me to become tougher.
Which sometimes is annoying and sometimes when i walk through the jungle im sweating bullets wondering if its going to pounce on me outta nowhere.
But theres actually something kind of exciting about that its like every day is more of an adventure.
And truthfully its probably working i probably AM getting better at being in scrums.
And his responder which i guess is really a part of his personality even if he doesnt like to say so...
It kind of lets on a lot more than dirk ever would. Its almost like its this weird clone of himself playing passive aggressive matchmaker between me and his real self.
What?
You really think so?
Well i was kinda going to let it play out and just see what happens and go from there...
But you think a more proactive approach would be better?
Wow.
I must say this sort of advice surprises me coming from you!
Hmm.
Yes i guess that is a certainly a strategy to consider.
Jane i must say your perspective on this is refreshingly bold.
Hehehe! Sure looks that way!
Whoa now!
Jane the decision to sire children with your best bro is not one to be taken lightly.
Ahoy!
Jane? Yoo hoo.
No dice?
Okey doke then i just wanted to see what was up with you.
I figured you must be starting up the game by now? Cant wait to get the scoop!
I just had a lets say encounter with dirks dumb robot and well its over now lets just leave it at that.
Headed into the ruins now to seal the deal with this rabbit malarkey finally. Then i can join you!
Not a moment too soon probably. I think this volcano is about to blow?
Its making me mighty nervous im not going to lie.
The grounds been shaking and everything.
Wup!
There it goes again aw frig this is a big one.
Ohhhh shit.
Whoa nelly!
You are too kind my friend. What is it?
I think i catch your drift.
So my new tin comrade finally gets a head on his shoulders eh?
Oh hell no. HELL no man.
Well listen. If youre going to send anything to me slime or otherwise can you please at least not make the shit appear directly over my head this time?
The last thing i need on my bday is another installment of and i quote manbro bukkake theater.
Not really? Its your friggin figure of speech man. I gathered it just meant getting slimed like in ghost busters or somesuch.
Yeah yeah. Im a busy fella dirk!
Wikipedia is a lot of letters to type in a thing for a man of action on the go.
Im always doing adventures remember?
Well yes. But ok i have a LOT of movies to bone up on. There are so many good ones i still havent seen.
Screw you i have IMPECCABLE standards! Its just theres so much good stuff out there and ive really been on a roll with my picks lately.
Yes i hear myself just fine.
I hear a discriminating gentlemans melodious voice and it strikes my ears as the voice of reason! Heheh.
Say heres one im pretty excited about. Have you heard about this avatar jam? Its coming out next year.
No man it is not blue furry shit far from it. Get this. It is about this paralyzed fellow who is down on his luck and longs for adventure. And he finds it!
But it is far away on an enchanted planet rich with coveted treasures. And adventure is not all that he finds oh no. He also finds romance.
A beautiful blue woman from the wild teaches him the ways of her savage culture and also the ways of alien love. Together they frolic in the forest whilst sharing primal intimacy through magic sexual escapades.
Whats so funny wise guy?
Excuse me but i fail to see what could possibly be gay about some huge elegant blue men and women having really spiritual intercourse with their tails or something.
But youre from friggin texas! Arent you?
Augh stop being such a cryptic troll all the time!
Anyway avatar looks spectacular and i think my preemptive review was spot on. The bloody end!
You are just treating my great taste in flicks to your aloof hipstery disdain as usual. You dont know anything about that movie. Maybe youll like it?
Well now i know youre just trolling me. It wont be out for another year!
Alrighty.
I hope it wont be as difficult to finish building as the rest was to assemble.
Capital!
Scoot that noggin my way at your ready then.
Hehe. You nerd.
Hes got your slick japanese spectacles and everything.
Why is this a metal man before me or is it none other than dirk strider himself in my room??
It almost sounds like this is something youve given some thought...
Affirmative.
I continue to boggle vacantly at your technical shenanigans.
Your knack for gadgetry seems to surpass even my grandmas and she was like this big time gizmo legend.
How do you even do this stuff?
If you say so buddy. I can believe it.
Yeah but come on its not like youre from a century in the future.
Nor am i a quaint man of the past. Pardon me but do i SOUND like some trollycar bellwether toiling in the heart of the mustache belt from the ruff n tumble year of nineteen aught nine???
Give me some credit man and some to yourself as well. You are too modest about all this robotics noise.
The kitchen?
Oh of course!
Fire is quite notoriously the hottest thing there is. A tip top locale for a whole mess of irons!
See again i think you are downplaying a pretty neat accomplishment if you ask me.
Does that mean I'll have to deal with two dirks?
One who is MORE MACHINE THAN MAN...
And another who is a computer program you made hahahahahahaha.
Id wager a tidy sum the results of the endeavor will be sensational.
I believe in you!
Sure bro. I always have.
You have helped me out a lot and been a good friend for ages.
What?
Why not what?
Whoa uh...
Dirk are you... uh...
Saying what i think?
Uh never mind sorry for interrupting.
Should i sit down for this i dont know what to do.
Wait i already am sitting down. Maybe i should stand up?
Ummmmmmmm.
Maybe?
I think i need a towel or something.
Oh!
Oh. Yes.
I think so.
What? Oh man are you actually serious??
So like...
You ARE from a century in the future.
WOW.
I must say this is not the announcement i was expecting.
So you are a time traveler from 2422 here to help me build robots or something?
How?
Wait... you and roxy?
Holy fucking mackerel. This is amazing!
Well yeah. Sure man why not? Wait its not a prank is it?!
Then heck yes i believe it to friggin pieces. Its an awesome thing to be true!
So whats the far flung future like? Some sort of crazy robo paradise?
Oh man what are your movies like in the future?? I bet there are some real cinematic humdingers. Like holographic stuff? Or shit you plug directly into your brain pod right? Wait you do have brain pods right?
Well shit.
Dirk this story got so much less awesome.
Is it too late to backpedal on believing it before i start to cry?
Sure do.
Lemme just finish putting this steel melon on my brobot and then im all ears...
There he is finished.
Look at this spanking iron friend from the future. He is perfect.
Oh shoot dirk he just got blurry and disappeared! What the actual fuck?
Stalking mode??
What? Thats crazy why would i want that!
Well yeah but... man.
I guess youre right.
I was just picturing a little good honest rough housing... why does the whole thing have to sound so sketchy and nerve wracking!
Yes!
Youre right lets put issues of fisticuffs aside for now. Tell me everything about the future.
So how does humanity fuck up? Is it the nuclear holocaust? Or is it robots? Gotta be the robots right? As per the terminator.
Oh the old alien overlord story? Got it. When does she show up?
Jeez that is pretty scary. So in a few years she will be in charge of everything?
My grandma?
I do remember when i was very young she would tell me stories of the wicked woman who raised her.
Was she the evil alien?
They were the rebels you mentioned? Are they alive right now?
I mean in my time?
Oh! I am very curious about them and also my grandma.
What happened to them?
Wait... these beasts tend to the young??
I can tell you from first hand experience that monsters are totally rotten at taking care of kids!
They do a bangup job of making em scared though. :(
So does that mean you and rox were raised by these things?
Damn.
Wait...
Flooding?
Wow like the epic kevin costner film?
Oh man does that mean you have to drink your own pee??????
Ewwwwwwwwwwww no dude. No ew. :(
Oh ok. Whew.
I guess your lusis droid thingy sees to it that you have fresh water?
Oh i thought...
Hm. Well who raised you then?
!
Jesus christofer kringlefucker and here i thought i was rugged!
Thats true.
Heaven forbid.
And what about roxy?
Wait the whatsits?
Are they aliens too?
Good gravy. Those are exotic circumstances!
And here i was thinking i had the most exciting and adventurous life. It turns out im just some chump on boring ass monster island in the silly old PRE apocalypse.
Youre probably right.
Id be really keen on talking to roxy about this too!
Im very curious about her experiences as a future lady with all the whatsits. The hard shell folk.
I must say it turns my previous perception of your lives right on its friggin ear.
Like what is even your day to day business like in sea hitlers water apocalypse??
Those are amazing stories. I am so lucky to have friends like you.
Oh snap what about jane! Have you told her?
Hmm. True but it seems a shame to keep her out of the loop.
Okay.
Wow i still have so many questions.
Its incredible that this is all going to happen right around the corner! I dunno if im ready...
I want to join the opposition!
Fuck this witch i have lots of guns and reckless bravado and i want to stop her. Ill pick up where my grandma left off!
Horse shit why not?!
Heck yes bro.
My memory of her is pretty foggy.
I do know she loved adventure just like me. Thats why she was exploring this island and raising me here when she died.
She was a fair markswoman and knew her way around an atom or two.
Pretty sure her company made a tidy fortune til it went belly up. At least i still have a few of her knickknacks for keepsakes.
And as you confirmed she was raised by that evil spinster.
But then again from some of the things my pen pal has said it kind of throws some of these details into question so i dunno what to think.
It was the night i found her dead!
She had gone off to study the ruins one day. Im pretty sure that was her purpose on this island. To study the technology here and solve all of the astonishing mysteries.
She even built that big fancy house we used to live in so i guess she really wanted to settle here for a while.
But she didnt come home from her expedition for a couple days so i started to get worried.
I followed the trail we usually take to the lagoon while keeping my eyes peeled for monsters.
But instead i found her lying there dead.
I think a monster caught her off guard. There were three big fang marks in the body and a trail of blood along the path.
It looked like she was trying to get home but couldnt make it before succumbing to the injury.
But before i could even do anything about it i heard an explosion. I looked back at the hill and my house was gone!
Just a big poof of smoke where it was standing. So i lived alone in the jungle ever since.
Well you never asked!
Indeed.
No?
Oh theres not much more to it. I had to deal with grandmas body.
I would have loved to give her a proper and dignified memorial like janes granddad got.
God jane is so lucky every day in her household must be like weekend at bernies! What a riot it must be im so jealous.
I know right!!!
Alas i had to dispose of the body with haste so the monsters wouldnt eat her.
So i just made a little camp fire and burned it. I keep the ashes deep in the ruins which is where i think she liked it best.
Hopefully there isnt an earthquake or something that would knock the urn over in a predictable and hilarious fashion.
Heheh yeah.
So then after camping out the next day i went exploring and found my room globe mostly intact sitting in the jungle so thats where i lived since.
And thats pretty much it!
I sure miss my grandma though she was the best.
What did you hear?
Yes i vaguely remember her mentioning him.
Cripes the things she told me now that i think about it. She said the witch even killed her dog!
Is that true?
So what youre saying is pretty much any unspeakably horrible thing she could have done she probably did?
Haha wow. Must have been a hell of a guy.
Where? Huh?
What are you talking about! Dirk stop speaking in riddles and keep telling the story i am on tenterhooks here!
Oh my god you can be one opaque motherfucker just clue me in bro!
STRIIIIIIDEEEERRRRRRRR!!!!!
Oh! I remember this.
I believe she said the witch used to be married to a terrible man named english.
So because the witch really hated that guy she took on his name as sort of a big ole fuck you to the woman?
So im named after a demon? What kind of demon is named english anyway?
I guess its kind of cool being named after a demon whos so scary even the witch is afraid of him.
I love skulls!
These are your ancestors?
Anyone ive heard of?
Oh sure obviously.
Gadzooks of course!!!
With all your future mindfuckery you made me completely forget about your vaunted hollywood sibling.
I shoulda asked where he fit into the picture if you were raised alone. I can be dumb as a bag of penny candy sometimes.
Whoa now those are the sweets kept in reserve for millionaires. Such flattery!
Right. So then he was never actually your bro?
The lady who wrote all the dreary wizard books i presume?
No i tried its too depressing. And also uh kind of impossible to understand?
I told roxy i liked it though i didnt want to hurt her feelings so dont say i said that.
I think ill wait for the movies to come out i bet ill like those better.
I do say! Hey you mustve seen them what being in the future are they any good?
Phooey to that. Like i even believe you!
Fuck yes the sbahj films RULE.
Screw the haters! Thats what i say.
Man that is a scandalous mischaracterization. Nobody hates weekend at bernies!
The WAB films are generally regarded as so unremarkably mediocre they dont even attract any trolls who care enough to shit on it. Believe me ive tried to get in debates with people about it!
Dang i can hardly wait to see them!
Why not?
!!!!!!!!!
I will guard each glistening compression artifact with my life, as if a jewel pilfered from a tomb.
Well there was sbahj the movovie and sbahj the the film...
Oh yeah and sbahaj the movle. I think sbahj the moive is still in production right?
But honestly i get confused about which particular misspelling is attributed to which film or even if im getting the misspellings right.
Your forebears are certainly entrepreneurial if nothing else.
I can get behind the idea of making a killing if it means i also get to be as good at doing adventures as i hope to be.
Did they ever bring the battle to the witchs doorstep or were the blows dealt strictly through public masquerades and theatrics?
Powers you say?
How?
So...
They knew you would show up in the future some day and prepared for that...
Doesn't that mean they also knew they weren't going to be able to stop the witch?
Wow.
Thats brave and kind of sad.
Of course!!!!!
You always go down guns blazing. Thats what a hero does when he loves adventure and has guns.
If theres one thing movies have taught me besides the fact that guys using a corpse as a silly puppet is friggin HILARIOUS it is THAT FACT.
Who?
Eugh! Just the thought of such scoundrels turns my stomach!
Dang.
I would like to think i will not be suckered by their silvery tongues whenever they come along.
Who!
No?
I dont think so.
That boorish cur!!!
How could such an atrocity be allowed to happen?
Was his personal magnetism really that overwhelming?
Oh no.
When does that happen?
So like...
They were on the ticket together? As president and vice president?
They did? Warned us about what exactly?
Im not sure i follow. These are like clown presidents or such?
Dirk i really dislike the future you are describing.
I still dont really know what a juggalo is.
Do they juggle?
Heavens to betsy.
That figure is just absurd.
Whoa momma.
Yeah i know the feeling. :(
Wait...
Dirk didnt you tell me at some point that you did find evidence the witch killed them?
Are you sure? I SWEAR i remember you saying something about that.
Oh.
I am just having the NUTTIEST deja vu thing going on now. I feel weird.
I guess i am mistaken. Never mind.
Right. Good plan.
Um.
Anyhoo thats a heck of a tragic and thrilling tale dirk.
I am still totally cockeyed and catawampus about it all i dont even know what to think.
Oh yeah every word of it!
Why shouldnt i? You are my friend and i trust you.
Heh not really i just like believing stuff and believing in people.
Wait what do you mean?
When you said after all this time?
You just told me now!
Hang on.
Blarg! The deja vuey shit is happening again!!!
Okay i am SURE weve had this conversation before so many things are familiar.
I remember you saying the one of a kind dude thing and i remember saying the word catawampus and...
All of it!
Whats going on?
Figure what out!
Oh.
Thats right. I fell off the platform thing and i guess i got knocked out?
So im dreaming.
Whats that?
So we are sharing a dream together?
And youre currently asleep too? Uh. Currently in the future?
Hm. I guess i understand?
So whats the deal then? Wait.
You said this is where they meet dead people too...
Shit! Dirk are you dead? Are you a ghost!?
Then what the fuck is going on! Who am i talking to?
What? Uh...
I dont know?
Okay.
So.
I am having like a lucid dreamy thing in a magic bubble and you are just like a figment of my imagination?
So im talking to myself! Thats kind of stupid!
Just how startlingly close are we talking?
Okay thats fair.
But.
Man.
There is something that feels kind of weird about this. You being in my head... its a little messed up!
Ok im sorry for saying its messed up but...
Its still a bit frustrating! Ive been trying to talk to you all day.
But all i get is your pesky responder bedeviling me at every turn and your friggin robot punching me across the ocean and then throwing a weird tantrum and ripping his nuclear heart out in front of me.
And if that werent enough i tumbled off the doohickey and knocked myself out and now im strolling down memory lane with your fake brain ghost!
Its like you are surrounding me from all sides with imitations of yourself but never the REAL YOU!!!
Cheese and fucking crackers when do i just get to talk to the actual dirk?
What a horseshitty question!
I dont know anything about actuality i guess but i know some philosobabble horseshit when i dadblasted hear it.
But what does that mean?
And how can you really be made of only my thoughts when i dont even know what youre talking about sometimes?
Or when i didnt know some of the things youre telling me? Like about being in a dream bubble?
How can i tell myself about that stuff through brain ghost dirk!
I dont think i do!
I have no business knowing those things.
Are you sure you arent real?
No offense but I kind of get the same smartass vibe from you as i do from the responder.
Like har har i have the same basic personality as dirk but without any accountability or anything so let me just be kind of flippant and mess with this jake fellas head!
You know what im saying?
Yeah see i think i maybe did a little TOO good of a job brain cloning you? This is way too much like talking to the REAL fake dirk.
Holy cow what a dumb sentence that was.
Well thats just spiffy for me but im starting to feel somewhat like im being haunted by you now.
I just want to talk to my real buddy. And by real i just mean the ORIGINAL GUY.
Oh i dont know.
Aaah! No dont say that its so weird.
Yes. I know.
With you? No!! Thats like...
Thats like talking to him about it which is like really jumping the gun i think.
But i cant yet! I just cant.
There are some feelings im not sure how to put into words yet and doing it in front of you whether youre a stunt double or brain puppet or whatever it just makes me feel uncomfortable!
Yes.
What is so hard to understand about that?
Huh?
Oh yeah.
What about her?
Man what?
Thats dumb i saw her for three seconds and she waved at me and i woke up!
Why do you keep calling her a ghost??
Oh. Well.
Holy shit?
No i wont.
What? What about jane?
Our last chat ended on very pleasant and amicable terms! She was upbeat and chipper as ever. I fail to see what reason one might have to feel sorry for her.
Wait... didnt i?
What are you getting at!
Jane?!
Whoa.......
Whoa ok.
Where? Wait. She is??
Oh fuck.
Screw you!!!
I am cool as SUCH a cucumber.
Uh.
Why does my breath not smell ok?
Oh okay whew.
When is she coming? Why is she visiting my dreams?
Alright...
Dang! Its warm in this dream bubble. How can i be sweating in a dream??
Where do i keep the dream towels...
But really who is she? Whats her deal and what does she want from me?
Since all this so called untapped potential in my subconscious taking the form of yet another sassy dirk clone seems to know everything would it be ok if i troubled my own brain for a few flipping answers???
Augh no no no im sorry im sorry dont!
Okay. Thank you for promising to keep my trousers tidy.
I still dont understand how you know... or excuse me MY BRAIN knows this stuff. Because im a page? How does that make sense?
And also if you know the things she will say why dont you just tell me the things?
Ok dude shes here shoosh!
Oh man. Ummmm...
Okay i will i will youre distracting me though! Can you scoot over a bit?
Hi there! Welcome! Er...
Dont mind him hes just a brain clone of my best friend. I know that sounds crazy. Heh.
Wait she cant? Why didnt you tell me that!!! You are really throwing me off here.
I thought you were supposed to know stuff like that seeing as you are LITERALLY MY BRAIN!
How can i chillax when you keep talking to me its really disconcerting!!!!!
Shhhh just SHUT UP i cant THINK!
OH GOD NO DONT YOU DARE!!!!!!!!!
NO PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DO NOT GIVE ME A BONER DIRK!!!
SO THAT WAS THE PLAN ALL ALONG???
TO GIVE ME A BONER???
YOU MOTHER FUCKER!
OH...
OH TEE HEE A FALSE ALARM I SEE VERY FUNNY COOL GUY!
I THINK YOU ARE FULL OF SHIT!
YOURE BLUFFING YOU DONT EVEN HAVE THE POWER TO GIVE ME A PHANTASMAL ERECTION!
THEN GO AHEAD! MAKE MY FUCKING DAY!
IM READY FOR YOU. YOU THINK IM AFRAID? ILL TAKE YOUR BONER MAGIC LIKE A MAN!
IM NOT ASHAMED! I WILL STAND TALL AND PROUD AT FULL MAST IN FRONT OF THIS PRETTY ALIEN!
DO YOUR WORST YOU BASTARD!!!!!
WELL GOOD RIDDANCE TO IRONIC HIPSTER DOUCHEWAD RUBBISH IS WHAT I HAVE TO SAY ABOUT THAT!
WHAT?
I mean... what? Whos jack?
Oh why am i not surprised!
Still no human dirk?
What is the change of plan?
I see. Variables and what not.
Lets cut to the chase! What do i do.
Crucial upgrades huh?
I dunno about crucial buddy i see you have trolled me with like 50 copies of this dumbfuck social media software for cool bros in hats but ok.
Ok i installed it should i run it?
Sure if you say so.
Great caesars ghost! Why didnt you say so.
Ok done.
Hey theres his room!
Heh heh. Id recognize that room anywhere.
Horses puppets holy smokes there is a man who knows what he likes.
But where is he?
I dont see him elsewhere in the place.
Lots of priceless sbahj merch though im so jealous.
What?
Lol!
Just joking bro that sucked.
How do i find dirk and save his life?
Eureka!!!!!
Youre right he sure does look to be in a thorough pickle.
My impulse is to message him now but youre kind of bogarting his chumhandle so i dont even know how to do that?
Ok then how do i help?
I will have them deployed lickety split.
That flaming ocean is nothing to sneeze at.
It is fixing to burn his... uh. Skeletal highrise thing right the heck down.
Oh. Are more robots on the way?
Um...
Oh!
You mean the super deadly red shit?
Say no more.
I understand the threat and will now spring into action guns blazing.
Well maybe not guns blazing.
The guns and how they blaze will be metaphors for my tenacity and gumption as an elite gamer.
There we are. No sweat.
Haha! He did a thumbs up at me.
Hey buddy!
Say hey buddy to him.
Sweet.
Now what?
How long will that take?
Understood. That being as it is in the meantime i think ill poke into one of these transporty doodads.
Whoa what is THIS place?
Things sure are a rumblin here in this enchanted purple palace.
I cant believe i never found those hidden transport pads under the thing.
How did you know about them?
You are so wise. I will never be as elite of a game bro as you.
Will you untwist your virtual knickers. I have everything under control.
I think this may be where my grandma used to go during some of her expeditions.
You dont just pass up the chance for an adventure like this!
We will just see about THAT.
Besides i have my skulltop with me so i can swoop in to assist dirk at any time!
What?????
Dude what is going on...
Is this... is this really dirks head???
What happened to him!
How?!
Uhh.
I dont understand!
Are you saying i have to kiss him... like uh... on the lips... while you stare at me through his sunglasses like a weirdo??
That doesnt make any sense!
Can you actually tell me whats going on?! What happened to him?
So...
If i kiss him his headless body will hop up and start prancing about or...
Will he grow a new head???
But like...
If hes dead in the future...
How does kissing him NOW bring him back? How does that work?
Wait...
Are you behind these shenanigans?
Did you plan this auto responder??????????
Really.
What is it?
Huh?
Why that name...
Thats a lie!
How do you know i wouldnt like it???
Argh!
This strikes me as rather unsportingly manipulative of you mr hal if indeed that IS your real name.
You never answered my question!
Did you plan for this to happen... like for me to be in this situation?
How long have your machinations been in play!
I dont even know what that means!
Little hal... i think youve gone and flipped your FUDGING LID.
Oh and hal is a STUPID NAME!!!!
Augh not that fuckin meme again!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ok ok just...
Gimme a minute!
They?
Whos they?
Oh god! Jane!!!
I forgot what with the bonk to the noggin last i saw she was run right through with a fearsome lash of that red noise.
Is she ok?!
Shes dead???
You mean like DEAD dead????
Everybody??
Even roxy???!!!
So...
Dirk jane roxy... theyre all...
So youre telling me that while i was asleep somehow EVERYBODY died???
I dont know what THAT means either!!!
Whoa wait whoa whoa... our LOVE? Hang on a minute!
Ok im going to! God!!!
I just...
This isnt how i pictured it going.
Between him and me.
There had to be a better way than this!
I guess if it was going to go this way...
I kinda pictured something different?
There was stuff i wanted to say.
To the real him i mean.
Stop being so pushy!
I LOVE adventure and you KNOW it!
ALRIGHT WISE GUY YOU WANT YOUR FLIPPING KISS???
YOU GOT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Greetings!
Im not interrupting anything am i?
Ah i see. I would be happy to message you again later if it would spare you any inconvenience.
Uh.
Forgotten?
Forgotten what now?
Wait dont tell me.
Is it a tomb or a crypt or somesuch? Are you preparing for another grist seeking expedition??
Oh shit did you schedule my assistance for the raid and i forgot all about it???
Blast.
Well what in the name of willy howard tafts great tub choking bottom could i be forgetting then?
This is going to drive me CRAZY! Can you give me a hint?
Of course! Your birthday!!!
Yes thats right. Now i remember. The date sure snuck up on us quick didnt it?
Sorry you know how things can slip my mind. The gourd on my shoulders isnt the steel trap it used to be. Nothing like the well oiled puzzlebuster you've got up there.
Well damn.
Looks like the egg monster took quite the spirited dump on my face this time.
I feel so dumb. Ill be right over.
You baked a cake for your own party?
I dont know something seems amiss about that. Isnt that against tradition or inviting bad luck or something?
But I guess it makes sense since you love baking cakes. Its like a present you give to yourself!
Oh. I just wanted to get your advice on some stuff.
But since ive been a heel and forgotten about your party maybe i shouldnt bother you with that?
So sixteen big ones huh! The ole sweet sixteen.
Last one of us to notch the vaunted one sixer. Its a big step! I knew youd make it, i always said i believed in you didnt i?
Just kidding, the inexorable nature of times passage virtually assured you would get that old so you didnt really have anything to do with it. I mean not that i dont still believe in you, i do.
I cant believe its already been...
How long?
What, like a year already since we entered? Holy moly, where does the time go.
Oh.
Well thats still a pretty long time.
I have to admit its been a longer stint than i expected. Certainly one involving more downtime than i would have guessed.
I really thought we would have been treated to more action, what being legendary players of a mysterious cosmic game. But no, it seems the primary duty of the so called nobles is to wait around twiddling our thumbs.
I am really beginning to wonder when these fabled heroes will arrive? And are they really going to be those we have been led to believe?
I sure hope so. Id so love to meet my pen pal. Dear old departed grandma. But as a feisty youngster! What a hoot thatll be. And you with your poppop. Lets not forget about him.
Not to mention the young strider and lalonde relatives. I bet theyre a barrel of laughs. I met them once but i was too shy to say anything. Then i got in a fight. Did i ever mention that jane?
Not to say its been all downtime and doldrums. Exploring has been great. Finding treasure, solving riddles, becoming better friends. I wouldnt trade that for anything.
And maybe we are getting close to something big happening regardless? Every day it seems like more and more undead creatures crawl from out of the shadows. Bigger ones and stronger ones. Does their presence herald something worse coming, just as the legends indicate our presence heralds something better?
I just wish we could actually kill the fucking things. Even the little ones can absorb so much damage before yielding any spoils!
Remember jane? Remember at the start how we kept trying to kill them?
We would all gang up on like an imp skeleton for an hour just clobbering it repeatedly. Knocking its bones down, waiting for it to reassemble and keep coming at us. Only to finally be rewarded with a shitty pittance of grist!
But i guess the silver lining was it forced us to explore ruins more often and scavenge for loot there. So i think weve learned a lot more this way.
But it sure makes resources hard to come by, having to get them exclusively from chests and whatnot. Sometimes i wonder if weve been missing out on a really rewarding part of the game by neglecting to build up our houses? Makes you wonder. But it just costs so much! Better to stick to making more practical stuff dont you think?
Sometimes i wonder if the heroes had the same problems in their game. Do you think they found an easier way to kill skeletons?
Were they just as shameless as us when it came to splurging our precious grist on swanky new duds?
Did the same enigmatic bard haunt their game? And if so which hilarious dead trolls did he throw into the flashy blobs?
Mr erisol tells me he knows many things about the heroes because he saw them in action when he was alive. But he wont tell me a thing about them! These troll sprites sure do love keeping their secrets dont they? Heheh.
Okay we can talk about that if you insist.
Really jane you sure know how to twist a fellas arm!
I just wanted to get your take on what you might call my own personal ultimate riddle.
It involves dirk.
Its true. I havent seen him in a couple days.
I have been laying low for a while but i just received another series of pushy inquiries from him.
Maybe i shouldnt be too hard on the guy since he was probably just concerned, not having heard from me and all.
But i still couldnt help but detect a tone of desperation, like he could sense i may be having doubts.
This kind of thing has been all too common unfortunately.
Im not sure its going to work anymore.
He can be so needy!
If only he could just relax and trust that i wont spontaneously tire of his company.
Although the irony i guess is that his overbearing tendencies are beginning to fulfill his own paranoid prophecy.
Its such a shame. Weve had so many capital adventures together.
I dont know why he has to be like this. He always was an intense fella. But in person... holy cow.
I wonder if it has to do with the fact that he grew up alone in the middle of the ocean? And now he doesnt know how to deal with people without suffocating them?
But then again i grew up under similar circumstances and i think i turned out pretty much ok socially, at least i hope so. Do you think so jane?
Actually it just occurred to me. Its funny he didnt mention your party in his text.
Im SURE he wouldnt have forgotten. He never forgets ANYTHING what with all his calculations and his computerized brain. Both figurative and literal.
I wonder what his game was? He invited me on an expedition without mention of your party as a potential conflict...
If he sensed i could use some space perhaps he was concerned that if we both showed up to the party it would be awkward?
Or maybe he didnt want to mention he was going to the party in case it would spook me away from attending?
Argh! Do you see jane?? This is what his endless machinations do to you!
Anything he says could be part of some grand convoluted scheme and it just makes you agonize and boggle and wonder until your brain hurts and you just KNOW its a battle you cant win.
You know what i mean jane?
Do you think i should just bite the bullet and end it?
Its probably the right thing to do.
Boy am i not looking forward to that conversation though.
Its going to be a doozy. What did i get myself into here?
I think ive made a lot of mistakes honestly.
Not the least of which was getting this shitty tattoo, now that i think about it.
Yes yes i know we all thought it was a riot at first.
I guess it still is maybe? But lately ive been wondering if it might not have been an act of sound judgment.
Can you believe that jane?
I dont know. Its a real pickle im in here but i do feel better just being able to get it off my chest.
You are such a good friend jane, always ready to listen to my relationship woes. What a trooper!
It never ceases to amaze me how excellent you are at this friendship business. Where would we all be without you?
In a way you really have been the glue holding us all together on our adventure. Gosh youre a standup gal.
Oh which actually reminds me of ANOTHER thing thats been bugging me about dirk.
He can often be almost hilariously self absorbed. Dont even get me started on when he starts going off on these long monologues about his philosophical gobbledygook.
I'm not sure he actually has much of a filter when it comes to what others regard as interesting points of conversation.
Not to rag on the guy too hard but i guess at times i would just like to see a little more self awareness from him is all.
Did i tell you what happened on our last expedition together?
I cant remember if i mentioned. Oh man but thinking back on what happened its even more ridiculous in retrospect.
Where do i begin?
What?
Huh?
Errr.
Did i say something wrong?
I dont...
Wha...
Ay caramba.
What in tarnation is the matter jane?
Whoa there.
You seem really worked up. Maybe we should just calm down and talk this through like sensible adults?
Also youre going kinda heavy on the caps there arent you? Sort of makes it seem like your shouting. Just saying.
Yikes.
Well ok then.
Can you tell me why youre so upset with me?
Is it because i forgot your birthday party? Because i do feel awful about that.
Really i feel like a tool about forgetting. You know how i am. I forget stuff.
I mean...
Shucks buster. If i knew how to make it up to you i would.
If it ameliorates matters any i am sighing pretty much the shucksiest buster of contrition i can manage.
I thought shucks buster was...
Sorta our thing?
Uhh.
Ok?
I suppose i could go with shoot buddy. Or...
Fudge junior?
Or maybe forgo an analogous catch phrase altogether heh.
But i clearly stepped in it big time with you and id really like to know what i did.
Hmm.
Wasnt it a few days ago?
I didnt realize it was so long ago. Sorry about that.
Again all i can say is where does the time go? I guess i have trouble keeping up with everything im supposed to. Which it would seem includes personal relationships as much as calendars.
Im not much of a leader of people. Not like you are jane. I think when it comes to adventuring maybe im more of a solo act?
Which now that i think about it might be contributing to my problems with dirk. Maybe thats part of the reason why i needed some space?
Oh brother there i go again blustering about my problems. I guess i see what you mean.
But really if you wanted to talk sooner then why didnt you get in touch with me?
It feels as though im always the one to say hello to you lately.
Huh?
Used to feel what?
Now hold the phone.
Jane i think i may finally understand whats been going on here.
In retrospect i cant believe ive been this blind.
Youre right i really can be deplorably thick sometimes.
Looking back i can see how many of our conversations must have been torment for you.
You really should have told me how you felt sooner!
If you told me you had the hots for dirk i would have backed off without another word.
What are friends for!
Wait...
Did i say something dumb again?
Consarn it.
I think maybe something is getting lost in translation over our respective chat clients.
Maybe we should wait until tomorrow and just clear the air face to face at your party?
Aw come on jane. Be a sport.
I say jane. Before you do anything rash...
Do what now?
Hey take that back roxys my good friend!
Well ok take back all the parts that werent a compliment.
Or wait. Is calling her hot a compliment or is that creepy?
She is certainly pretty. But hearing it come from you sounds lecherous and dastardly!
Heh. Its probably just my instincts as a brave boy kicking in.
The old chivalry bone acting up you know? When i hear a ladys good name getting besmirched i just start seeing red!!!
Errr.
Alright?
Gentlemanly you say?
It isnt?
Um...
Your...
Boypledge?
Yeah. Dirk is a pretty tough cookie alright...
But i thought you hated me!
At least thats how i remember it when we last talked.
Which was admittedly a while ago.
Ive never been accused of having a photographic memory but i dont recall you typing in green either.
Are you ripping me off bro??
I dont think I understand.
Whys that?
Hey!
Oh. Whoops.
Go on then.
You think so?
Not to sound too self obsessed or anything but ive given that some thought.
That maybe there is something special about me that nobody can understand. And maybe thats why i always seem to be botching things up the wazoo with my pals.
Maybe thats why i feel like such a loner. I dunno. Im rambling and ive been thinking about it a lot lately. What about you?
Does being special make you screw the pooch with your friends like it does for me?
Wow really?
Haha. Well i wouldnt go that far. I love my friends!
But i was once told i had a lot of potential.
Supposedly thats how all pages are and it takes them for frickin EVER to reach it.
And funnily enough it was a figment of my own subconscious that told me this. A part of my untapped potential itself! But disguised as my best bro which was...
Peculiar to say the least.
Is that your situation? Are you a page too?
Oh? Whats yours then?
Fine then jeez.
Sorry for asking!
Oh.
Sakes alive.
That is a bit extreme no?
I dont think thats a word.
But hey you are the lord and i am the lowly page.
Now just a minute buddy. Lets not get carried away.
I have no intention of serving you. In fact im not even sure why im still talking to you!
Youre lucky that my manners are impeccable otherwise i would have blocked you already, what with the scandalous way you have characterized my ladyfriends alone.
Its all well and good you think we have some things in common but i wont fall for it!
Maybe its true at times i can be a little slow on the uptake but i will not be sweet talked into doing the bidding for a silver tongued cur!!!
So to you sir lord i must say GOOD DAY.
Whatever! Look i know you are not the most quickwitted fella either, so i must inform you this is what we call a "figure of speech."
You know. Like if i said you speak with a forked tongue. Not unlike LUCIFER HIMSELF!!!
Oh...
Really?
It just means you arent trustworthy, and i should not be lulled by your false promises.
No im not!
Dont you mean benevolence?
Um. Ok then.
But why do you want to help me?
Is it really just because you relate to me and therefore want me to succeed?
Hey watch it now. Youre DARN TOOTIN i love to roughhouse!!!
Huh??
Whoa.
Thats uh.
Mighty special.
Yeah um.
Maybe later?
I dont think i want it to be honest.
No offense its actually just really shitty.
Ok fine!
Gad freaking zooks. Just what i need another pushy bro in my life.
This secret training of yours better be worth it!
But i thought you werent a troll.
Its not helping me understand though.
Shoudlnt you be a patron cherub if anything?
Sounds pretty gay.
Whats what?
Oh right.
Forgive me i forget you arent familiar with all of my earth lingo.
Its like...
How do i explain.
You know. Its a rather old fashioned term for being jolly and festive together.
Like "that rollicking time we had scrumming the other eve sure was gay."
Oh goody. Just the way i like my hijinks!
So how do we start.
I was?
How was i going to do the stuff if you didnt tell me to?
You mean i was going to do it like on accident?
I dont understand.
Ok then.
Im glad we settled that.
Hmmmmm...
Nope!
Dont reckon i understand much of that either.
But i guess im not supposed to. Me not being a time maestro or what have you.
I guess i should be boning up on hope though. What can you tell me about that?
Tell you about hope?
Um well its something i think everyone should have in their hearts.
But i wasnt finished!
Hope to me is all about believing in stuff.
If you believe in stuff then everything feels like its going to turn out ok.
And if you believe in stuff with enough gusto i dare say it imbues that stuff with a pinch more chutzpah. Even the fake stuff!
And then if you keep an open mind and adventurous spirit, that chutzpah flows directly into your heart, and thats when YOU have the power.
So i think if hope grants one the power to smite villainy and vanquish hooligans thats probably where it comes from!
Well THERES your problem dude. You dont want to BELIEVE!
Just let go and believe in things. Then youll find you had the power in you all along.
How do i do that?
Die???
Ok then. I will choose to believe you.
See what i did there? I just scored a few more hope points!
By strengthening my trust in you as well as our burgeoning friendship.
Oh also, friendship is a HUGE key to being good at hope. I forgot to mention that.
Me neither!
So you say you will help me be a god tier...
But there are other ways you will help too?
Neat!
But what the bejesus is a juju?
That would be hunky dory.
In my view distinguished gentlemen should always strive to be as gay as possible with each other.
Sounds straight forward enough.
Whats the code?
Ok.
Hmm.
We could try to guess it maybe?
Yeah. Youre probably right.
So what sort of magical properties does your juju have?
Really?
That sounds almost too good to be true.
If you dont even know what your juju does by itself why do you think they do that together?
Oh why didnt you say so! Thats all i needed to hear!!!
See youre getting the hang of hope already.
Roger that mr lord.
Say. Dont you have a name? We know your sisters name... cant we know yours now too?
Well i surely dont want to spoil any clean trousers.
Even though your warning sounds a little hyperbolic i will trust you.
Um. My lord.
Heheheh when i call you that people could mistake our conversation for a nefarious and underhanded collusion among felons!
As you wish... MY LORD.
HEHEHEHEHEH!
So lord. May i ask...
Why are you giving me your juju if it is so dear to you?
Is your commitment to this manbro boypledge of yours really that strong?
If so im really impressed. I would have a really hard time giving my favorite stuff away to a total stranger.
Yeah? Then that is quite a treasure you found.
Where did you get it? Did you plunder a tomb or such?
Well that sounds nice of him. He cant be that much of an asshole if he gave you such a nice present can he?
I had a clown give me a nice present once too. I would never have met my good friend mr erisol without the kindness of that clown.
So whats this juju he gave you?
Gosh...
That might just be the gayest thing ive ever heard.
Jane are you there?
I wouldnt blame you for not answering since i was such a shitty boor to you last time.
I just wanted to formally say happy birthday.
And also to pass along a birthday present.
I doubt it will make up for all the ways ive hurt your feelings but maybe it will be a start?
Its some fancy juju thingamabob that calliopes bro gave to me.
He specifically gave it to me to make me better so i could get stronger and punch him in the snout some day or something?
I dunno about that. I dont think i care about becoming a great hero and challenging a weird grumpy alien all that much.
Not nearly as much as my friendship with you.
So i want you to have it instead.
Just use the code to make it. The code is...
Um...
ORBROBuRBROS?
No wait.
Thats way too long...
uBORBuBROS?
How many letters were codes supposed to have?
Fuck.
BROBuROBuT
ORuBuBROBOS
No. Uh...
BROBRO... something?
Wait no there were definitely some little u's in it...
Shit. I really should have copied it down before i closed the chat window.
OuROBOuRBON
BuRBORuBROS...
Wow those arent even close.
Hang on let me think.
Roxy?
I take it by that disgruntled series of letters that youre feeling about as cruddy as me and jane right now.
Well you know what they say about misery. And how it supposedly enjoys company.
Hiyoooo!
Point well taken.
Indubitably. Rest assured it feels like a brood of anxious vermin is making its most valiant effort to escape from my skull.
Roxy?
I take it by that disgruntled series of letters that youre feeling about as cruddy as me and jane right now.
Well you know what they say about misery. And how it supposedly enjoys company.
Hiyoooo!
Point well taken.
Indubitably. Rest assured it feels like a brood of anxious vermin is making its most valiant effort to escape from my skull.
Er roxy while youre at it...
Do you think you could relay the same sentiments to dirk?
I was thinking about all the stuff he said to me while we were all telling him to dance.
And yeah i was really being a prick when i ran away to lomax.
He was right about everything. I should have come clean about wanting some space.
I know! Im so terrible im sorry!!!
Im just not feeling up to those conversations yet.
My head is KILLING me! Augh grandma why did your sweet skull based computing technology have to be such a BRAIN FUCKER!
Why?
Why not??
Golly.
But you are talking to jane yes?
Well...
Seeing as shes presumably talking to dirk...
And youre relaying my apology to her already...
Why dont you relay my apology to dirk through her?
Why not!
Shed probably be a sport about it.
Hell they could probably bond over what an absolute douchemuffin ive been to them both.
And if theres some heavy business youre having trouble addressing with dirk in person you could get jane to relay him a message for you as well!
Er roxy while youre at it...
Do you think you could relay the same sentiments to dirk?
I was thinking about all the stuff he said to me while we were all telling him to dance.
And yeah i was really being a prick when i ran away to lomax.
He was right about everything. I should have come clean about wanting some space.
I know! Im so terrible im sorry!!!
Im just not feeling up to those conversations yet.
My head is KILLING me! Augh grandma why did your sweet skull based computing technology have to be such a BRAIN FUCKER!
Why?
Why not??
Golly.
But you are talking to jane yes?
Well...
Seeing as shes presumably talking to dirk...
And youre relaying my apology to her already...
Why dont you relay my apology to dirk through her?
Why not!
Shed probably be a sport about it.
Hell they could probably bond over what an absolute douchemuffin ive been to them both.
And if theres some heavy business youre having trouble addressing with dirk in person you could get jane to relay him a message for you as well!
Roxy?
Rox! What is she saying?
Talk to me roxy!!!
Please dont leave me hanging here.
I cant take it i cant bear having two of my closest chums hate me and then having you shut me out on top of that!
Ah there you are.
Im sorry for being a pest but i just see jane there pecking away at conversations with you and dirk and it feels like youre all kind of leaving me behind.
Ok yeah im probably being paranoid...
But ive done such a bangup job of alienating my other friends.
So youre the only one i can talk to for now.
Wait i havent alienated you yet have i?
Are you really sure roxy? Are you sure youre not just trying to spare my feelings?
You can be honest with me! If you hate me now too please just say so.
Roxy?
Rox! What is she saying?
Talk to me roxy!!!
Please dont leave me hanging here.
I cant take it i cant bear having two of my closest chums hate me and then having you shut me out on top of that!
Ah there you are.
Im sorry for being a pest but i just see jane there pecking away at conversations with you and dirk and it feels like youre all kind of leaving me behind.
Ok yeah im probably being paranoid...
But ive done such a bangup job of alienating my other friends.
So youre the only one i can talk to for now.
Wait i havent alienated you yet have i?
Are you really sure roxy? Are you sure youre not just trying to spare my feelings?
You can be honest with me! If you hate me now too please just say so.
Sooo then. What else is there we can chew the old fat about?
Really bond over together in an emotionally fulfilling manner?
Well??
Alright.
So. That sure was a doozy of a kiss you gave dirk there huh?
How was it?
Go on!
Sooo then. What else is there we can chew the old fat about?
Really bond over together in an emotionally fulfilling manner?
Well??
Alright.
So. That sure was a doozy of a kiss you gave dirk there huh?
How was it?
Go on!
So is that why you cant talk to him now?
I certainly have no trouble relating to that.
So is that why you cant talk to him now?
I certainly have no trouble relating to that.
I noticed you nearly slipped that wedding ring on his finger!
You almost scooped my boyfriend out from under me in one fell proposal.
Wait. No i mean...
WHOA NOW WAIT A MINUTE!
I noticed you nearly slipped that wedding ring on his finger!
You almost scooped my boyfriend out from under me in one fell proposal.
Wait. No i mean...
WHOA NOW WAIT A MINUTE!
Did you need it for something?
Yes.
Daw.
Did you need it for something?
Yes.
Daw.
